transactional read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
critical read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	9 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
critical read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	17 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
critical read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	25 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
critical read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	33 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
critical read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	41 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
critical read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
transactional read: issue time	5serve time	49 ns
critical read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
transactional read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
transactional read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
transactional read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
transactional read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
critical read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
transactional read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
transactional read: issue time	30serve time	57 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
critical read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	65 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
critical read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	73 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
critical read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	81 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
critical read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
transactional read: issue time	31serve time	89 ns
critical read: issue time	32serve time	97 ns
transactional read: issue time	32serve time	97 ns
transactional read: issue time	32serve time	97 ns
transactional read: issue time	32serve time	97 ns
transactional read: issue time	33serve time	97 ns
critical read: issue time	33serve time	97 ns
transactional read: issue time	33serve time	97 ns
transactional read: issue time	33serve time	97 ns
transactional read: issue time	33serve time	105 ns
transactional read: issue time	33serve time	105 ns
transactional read: issue time	33serve time	105 ns
transactional read: issue time	33serve time	105 ns
transactional read: issue time	34serve time	105 ns
critical read: issue time	34serve time	105 ns
transactional read: issue time	34serve time	105 ns
transactional read: issue time	34serve time	105 ns
transactional read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
transactional read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
transactional read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
transactional read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
critical read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
transactional read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
transactional read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
transactional read: issue time	35serve time	113 ns
transactional read: issue time	39serve time	121 ns
transactional read: issue time	39serve time	121 ns
critical read: issue time	39serve time	121 ns
transactional read: issue time	39serve time	121 ns
transactional read: issue time	56serve time	121 ns
transactional read: issue time	56serve time	121 ns
transactional read: issue time	56serve time	121 ns
transactional read: issue time	56serve time	121 ns
critical read: issue time	56serve time	129 ns
transactional read: issue time	56serve time	129 ns
transactional read: issue time	56serve time	129 ns
transactional read: issue time	56serve time	129 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	129 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	129 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	129 ns
critical read: issue time	58serve time	129 ns
critical read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
critical read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	137 ns
critical read: issue time	60serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	60serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	60serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	60serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	58serve time	145 ns
transactional read: issue time	62serve time	153 ns
transactional read: issue time	62serve time	153 ns
transactional read: issue time	62serve time	153 ns
critical read: issue time	62serve time	153 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	153 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	153 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	153 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	153 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	161 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	161 ns
critical read: issue time	64serve time	161 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	161 ns
transactional read: issue time	65serve time	161 ns
critical read: issue time	65serve time	161 ns
transactional read: issue time	65serve time	161 ns
transactional read: issue time	65serve time	161 ns
critical read: issue time	64serve time	169 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	169 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	169 ns
transactional read: issue time	64serve time	169 ns
transactional read: issue time	79serve time	169 ns
critical read: issue time	79serve time	169 ns
transactional read: issue time	79serve time	169 ns
transactional read: issue time	79serve time	169 ns
critical read: issue time	79serve time	177 ns
transactional read: issue time	79serve time	177 ns
transactional read: issue time	79serve time	177 ns
transactional read: issue time	79serve time	177 ns
transactional read: issue time	82serve time	177 ns
transactional read: issue time	82serve time	177 ns
transactional read: issue time	82serve time	177 ns
transactional read: issue time	82serve time	177 ns
critical read: issue time	82serve time	185 ns
transactional read: issue time	82serve time	185 ns
transactional read: issue time	82serve time	185 ns
transactional read: issue time	82serve time	185 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	185 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	185 ns
critical read: issue time	84serve time	185 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	185 ns
critical read: issue time	81serve time	193 ns
transactional read: issue time	81serve time	193 ns
transactional read: issue time	81serve time	193 ns
transactional read: issue time	81serve time	193 ns
transactional read: issue time	83serve time	193 ns
critical read: issue time	83serve time	193 ns
transactional read: issue time	83serve time	193 ns
transactional read: issue time	83serve time	193 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	201 ns
critical read: issue time	84serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	84serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	91serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	91serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	91serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	91serve time	209 ns
transactional read: issue time	85serve time	217 ns
transactional read: issue time	85serve time	217 ns
critical read: issue time	85serve time	217 ns
transactional read: issue time	85serve time	217 ns
transactional read: issue time	99serve time	217 ns
transactional read: issue time	99serve time	217 ns
transactional read: issue time	99serve time	217 ns
critical read: issue time	99serve time	217 ns
critical read: issue time	91serve time	225 ns
transactional read: issue time	91serve time	225 ns
transactional read: issue time	91serve time	225 ns
transactional read: issue time	91serve time	225 ns
transactional read: issue time	99serve time	225 ns
transactional read: issue time	99serve time	225 ns
critical read: issue time	99serve time	225 ns
transactional read: issue time	99serve time	225 ns
transactional read: issue time	101serve time	233 ns
transactional read: issue time	101serve time	233 ns
critical read: issue time	101serve time	233 ns
transactional read: issue time	101serve time	233 ns
transactional read: issue time	110serve time	233 ns
transactional read: issue time	110serve time	233 ns
transactional read: issue time	110serve time	233 ns
transactional read: issue time	110serve time	233 ns
transactional read: issue time	103serve time	241 ns
transactional read: issue time	103serve time	241 ns
transactional read: issue time	103serve time	241 ns
critical read: issue time	103serve time	241 ns
transactional read: issue time	111serve time	241 ns
transactional read: issue time	111serve time	241 ns
transactional read: issue time	111serve time	241 ns
transactional read: issue time	111serve time	241 ns
critical read: issue time	106serve time	249 ns
transactional read: issue time	106serve time	249 ns
transactional read: issue time	106serve time	249 ns
transactional read: issue time	106serve time	249 ns
transactional read: issue time	113serve time	249 ns
critical read: issue time	113serve time	249 ns
transactional read: issue time	113serve time	249 ns
transactional read: issue time	113serve time	249 ns
critical read: issue time	110serve time	257 ns
transactional read: issue time	110serve time	257 ns
transactional read: issue time	110serve time	257 ns
transactional read: issue time	110serve time	257 ns
transactional read: issue time	123serve time	257 ns
transactional read: issue time	123serve time	257 ns
transactional read: issue time	123serve time	257 ns
critical read: issue time	123serve time	257 ns
critical read: issue time	111serve time	265 ns
transactional read: issue time	111serve time	265 ns
transactional read: issue time	111serve time	265 ns
transactional read: issue time	111serve time	265 ns
transactional read: issue time	125serve time	265 ns
transactional read: issue time	125serve time	265 ns
transactional read: issue time	125serve time	265 ns
critical read: issue time	125serve time	265 ns
transactional read: issue time	119serve time	273 ns
transactional read: issue time	119serve time	273 ns
transactional read: issue time	119serve time	273 ns
critical read: issue time	119serve time	273 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	273 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	273 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	273 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	273 ns
critical read: issue time	121serve time	281 ns
transactional read: issue time	121serve time	281 ns
transactional read: issue time	121serve time	281 ns
transactional read: issue time	121serve time	281 ns
transactional read: issue time	131serve time	281 ns
transactional read: issue time	131serve time	281 ns
transactional read: issue time	131serve time	281 ns
critical read: issue time	131serve time	281 ns
transactional read: issue time	121serve time	289 ns
transactional read: issue time	121serve time	289 ns
critical read: issue time	121serve time	289 ns
transactional read: issue time	121serve time	289 ns
transactional read: issue time	133serve time	289 ns
critical read: issue time	133serve time	289 ns
transactional read: issue time	133serve time	289 ns
transactional read: issue time	133serve time	289 ns
transactional read: issue time	123serve time	297 ns
transactional read: issue time	123serve time	297 ns
transactional read: issue time	123serve time	297 ns
transactional read: issue time	123serve time	297 ns
transactional read: issue time	154serve time	297 ns
transactional read: issue time	154serve time	297 ns
critical read: issue time	154serve time	297 ns
transactional read: issue time	154serve time	297 ns
critical read: issue time	127serve time	305 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	305 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	305 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	305 ns
transactional read: issue time	155serve time	305 ns
critical read: issue time	155serve time	305 ns
transactional read: issue time	155serve time	305 ns
transactional read: issue time	155serve time	305 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	313 ns
critical read: issue time	127serve time	313 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	313 ns
transactional read: issue time	127serve time	313 ns
transactional read: issue time	156serve time	313 ns
transactional read: issue time	156serve time	313 ns
transactional read: issue time	156serve time	313 ns
critical read: issue time	156serve time	313 ns
transactional read: issue time	131serve time	321 ns
transactional read: issue time	131serve time	321 ns
transactional read: issue time	131serve time	321 ns
transactional read: issue time	131serve time	321 ns
transactional read: issue time	165serve time	321 ns
transactional read: issue time	165serve time	321 ns
transactional read: issue time	165serve time	321 ns
critical read: issue time	165serve time	321 ns
critical read: issue time	139serve time	329 ns
transactional read: issue time	139serve time	329 ns
transactional read: issue time	139serve time	329 ns
transactional read: issue time	139serve time	329 ns
transactional read: issue time	170serve time	329 ns
transactional read: issue time	170serve time	329 ns
transactional read: issue time	170serve time	329 ns
transactional read: issue time	170serve time	329 ns
critical read: issue time	141serve time	337 ns
transactional read: issue time	141serve time	337 ns
transactional read: issue time	141serve time	337 ns
transactional read: issue time	141serve time	337 ns
transactional read: issue time	169serve time	337 ns
transactional read: issue time	169serve time	337 ns
critical read: issue time	169serve time	337 ns
transactional read: issue time	169serve time	337 ns
critical read: issue time	143serve time	345 ns
transactional read: issue time	143serve time	345 ns
transactional read: issue time	143serve time	345 ns
transactional read: issue time	143serve time	345 ns
critical read: issue time	179serve time	345 ns
transactional read: issue time	179serve time	345 ns
transactional read: issue time	179serve time	345 ns
transactional read: issue time	179serve time	345 ns
critical read: issue time	145serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	145serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	145serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	145serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	180serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	180serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	180serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	180serve time	353 ns
transactional read: issue time	147serve time	361 ns
critical read: issue time	147serve time	361 ns
transactional read: issue time	147serve time	361 ns
transactional read: issue time	147serve time	361 ns
transactional read: issue time	185serve time	361 ns
transactional read: issue time	185serve time	361 ns
transactional read: issue time	185serve time	361 ns
critical read: issue time	185serve time	361 ns
transactional read: issue time	154serve time	369 ns
transactional read: issue time	154serve time	369 ns
transactional read: issue time	154serve time	369 ns
transactional read: issue time	154serve time	369 ns
transactional read: issue time	187serve time	369 ns
critical read: issue time	187serve time	369 ns
transactional read: issue time	187serve time	369 ns
transactional read: issue time	187serve time	369 ns
transactional read: issue time	156serve time	377 ns
transactional read: issue time	156serve time	377 ns
transactional read: issue time	156serve time	377 ns
transactional read: issue time	156serve time	377 ns
transactional read: issue time	196serve time	377 ns
transactional read: issue time	196serve time	377 ns
transactional read: issue time	196serve time	377 ns
critical read: issue time	196serve time	377 ns
transactional read: issue time	159serve time	385 ns
transactional read: issue time	159serve time	385 ns
transactional read: issue time	159serve time	385 ns
critical read: issue time	159serve time	385 ns
transactional read: issue time	197serve time	385 ns
transactional read: issue time	197serve time	385 ns
transactional read: issue time	197serve time	385 ns
transactional read: issue time	197serve time	385 ns
transactional read: issue time	161serve time	393 ns
critical read: issue time	161serve time	393 ns
transactional read: issue time	161serve time	393 ns
transactional read: issue time	161serve time	393 ns
transactional read: issue time	206serve time	393 ns
transactional read: issue time	206serve time	393 ns
transactional read: issue time	206serve time	393 ns
transactional read: issue time	206serve time	393 ns
transactional read: issue time	163serve time	401 ns
transactional read: issue time	163serve time	401 ns
critical read: issue time	163serve time	401 ns
transactional read: issue time	163serve time	401 ns
transactional read: issue time	211serve time	401 ns
transactional read: issue time	211serve time	401 ns
transactional read: issue time	211serve time	401 ns
critical read: issue time	211serve time	401 ns
critical read: issue time	170serve time	409 ns
transactional read: issue time	170serve time	409 ns
transactional read: issue time	170serve time	409 ns
transactional read: issue time	170serve time	409 ns
transactional read: issue time	222serve time	409 ns
transactional read: issue time	222serve time	409 ns
transactional read: issue time	222serve time	409 ns
critical read: issue time	222serve time	409 ns
critical read: issue time	175serve time	417 ns
transactional read: issue time	175serve time	417 ns
transactional read: issue time	175serve time	417 ns
transactional read: issue time	175serve time	417 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	417 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	417 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	417 ns
critical read: issue time	229serve time	417 ns
critical read: issue time	180serve time	425 ns
transactional read: issue time	180serve time	425 ns
transactional read: issue time	180serve time	425 ns
transactional read: issue time	180serve time	425 ns
critical read: issue time	236serve time	425 ns
transactional read: issue time	236serve time	425 ns
transactional read: issue time	236serve time	425 ns
transactional read: issue time	236serve time	425 ns
transactional read: issue time	185serve time	433 ns
transactional read: issue time	185serve time	433 ns
critical read: issue time	185serve time	433 ns
transactional read: issue time	185serve time	433 ns
critical read: issue time	247serve time	433 ns
transactional read: issue time	247serve time	433 ns
transactional read: issue time	247serve time	433 ns
transactional read: issue time	247serve time	433 ns
critical read: issue time	191serve time	441 ns
transactional read: issue time	191serve time	441 ns
transactional read: issue time	191serve time	441 ns
transactional read: issue time	191serve time	441 ns
transactional read: issue time	253serve time	441 ns
transactional read: issue time	253serve time	441 ns
transactional read: issue time	253serve time	441 ns
critical read: issue time	253serve time	441 ns
transactional read: issue time	195serve time	449 ns
transactional read: issue time	195serve time	449 ns
critical read: issue time	195serve time	449 ns
transactional read: issue time	195serve time	449 ns
critical read: issue time	255serve time	449 ns
transactional read: issue time	255serve time	449 ns
transactional read: issue time	255serve time	449 ns
transactional read: issue time	255serve time	449 ns
transactional read: issue time	196serve time	457 ns
transactional read: issue time	196serve time	457 ns
transactional read: issue time	196serve time	457 ns
transactional read: issue time	196serve time	457 ns
critical read: issue time	257serve time	457 ns
transactional read: issue time	257serve time	457 ns
transactional read: issue time	257serve time	457 ns
transactional read: issue time	257serve time	457 ns
critical read: issue time	197serve time	465 ns
transactional read: issue time	197serve time	465 ns
transactional read: issue time	197serve time	465 ns
transactional read: issue time	197serve time	465 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	465 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	465 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	465 ns
critical read: issue time	259serve time	465 ns
transactional read: issue time	199serve time	473 ns
transactional read: issue time	199serve time	473 ns
critical read: issue time	199serve time	473 ns
transactional read: issue time	199serve time	473 ns
transactional read: issue time	269serve time	473 ns
transactional read: issue time	269serve time	473 ns
transactional read: issue time	269serve time	473 ns
critical read: issue time	269serve time	473 ns
critical read: issue time	205serve time	481 ns
transactional read: issue time	205serve time	481 ns
transactional read: issue time	205serve time	481 ns
transactional read: issue time	205serve time	481 ns
critical read: issue time	277serve time	481 ns
transactional read: issue time	277serve time	481 ns
transactional read: issue time	277serve time	481 ns
transactional read: issue time	277serve time	481 ns
critical read: issue time	206serve time	489 ns
transactional read: issue time	206serve time	489 ns
transactional read: issue time	206serve time	489 ns
transactional read: issue time	206serve time	489 ns
transactional read: issue time	281serve time	489 ns
transactional read: issue time	281serve time	489 ns
transactional read: issue time	281serve time	489 ns
critical read: issue time	281serve time	489 ns
transactional read: issue time	207serve time	497 ns
transactional read: issue time	207serve time	497 ns
critical read: issue time	207serve time	497 ns
transactional read: issue time	207serve time	497 ns
critical read: issue time	295serve time	497 ns
transactional read: issue time	295serve time	497 ns
transactional read: issue time	295serve time	497 ns
transactional read: issue time	295serve time	497 ns
transactional read: issue time	215serve time	505 ns
critical read: issue time	215serve time	505 ns
transactional read: issue time	215serve time	505 ns
transactional read: issue time	215serve time	505 ns
transactional read: issue time	297serve time	505 ns
critical read: issue time	297serve time	505 ns
transactional read: issue time	297serve time	505 ns
transactional read: issue time	297serve time	505 ns
transactional read: issue time	219serve time	513 ns
critical read: issue time	219serve time	513 ns
transactional read: issue time	219serve time	513 ns
transactional read: issue time	219serve time	513 ns
transactional read: issue time	309serve time	513 ns
transactional read: issue time	309serve time	513 ns
transactional read: issue time	309serve time	513 ns
critical read: issue time	309serve time	513 ns
transactional read: issue time	221serve time	521 ns
transactional read: issue time	221serve time	521 ns
critical read: issue time	221serve time	521 ns
transactional read: issue time	221serve time	521 ns
critical read: issue time	315serve time	521 ns
transactional read: issue time	315serve time	521 ns
transactional read: issue time	315serve time	521 ns
transactional read: issue time	315serve time	521 ns
transactional read: issue time	222serve time	529 ns
transactional read: issue time	222serve time	529 ns
transactional read: issue time	222serve time	529 ns
transactional read: issue time	222serve time	529 ns
critical read: issue time	327serve time	529 ns
transactional read: issue time	327serve time	529 ns
transactional read: issue time	327serve time	529 ns
transactional read: issue time	327serve time	529 ns
transactional read: issue time	227serve time	537 ns
transactional read: issue time	227serve time	537 ns
critical read: issue time	227serve time	537 ns
transactional read: issue time	227serve time	537 ns
critical read: issue time	329serve time	537 ns
transactional read: issue time	329serve time	537 ns
transactional read: issue time	329serve time	537 ns
transactional read: issue time	329serve time	537 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	545 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	545 ns
critical read: issue time	229serve time	545 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	545 ns
critical read: issue time	339serve time	545 ns
transactional read: issue time	339serve time	545 ns
transactional read: issue time	339serve time	545 ns
transactional read: issue time	339serve time	545 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	553 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	553 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	553 ns
transactional read: issue time	229serve time	553 ns
transactional read: issue time	341serve time	553 ns
critical read: issue time	341serve time	553 ns
transactional read: issue time	341serve time	553 ns
transactional read: issue time	341serve time	553 ns
critical read: issue time	235serve time	561 ns
transactional read: issue time	235serve time	561 ns
transactional read: issue time	235serve time	561 ns
transactional read: issue time	235serve time	561 ns
transactional read: issue time	343serve time	561 ns
critical read: issue time	343serve time	561 ns
transactional read: issue time	343serve time	561 ns
transactional read: issue time	343serve time	561 ns
transactional read: issue time	239serve time	569 ns
critical read: issue time	239serve time	569 ns
transactional read: issue time	239serve time	569 ns
transactional read: issue time	239serve time	569 ns
critical read: issue time	347serve time	569 ns
transactional read: issue time	347serve time	569 ns
transactional read: issue time	347serve time	569 ns
transactional read: issue time	347serve time	569 ns
transactional read: issue time	249serve time	577 ns
critical read: issue time	249serve time	577 ns
transactional read: issue time	249serve time	577 ns
transactional read: issue time	249serve time	577 ns
transactional read: issue time	355serve time	577 ns
critical read: issue time	355serve time	577 ns
transactional read: issue time	355serve time	577 ns
transactional read: issue time	355serve time	577 ns
transactional read: issue time	251serve time	585 ns
transactional read: issue time	251serve time	585 ns
critical read: issue time	251serve time	585 ns
transactional read: issue time	251serve time	585 ns
transactional read: issue time	363serve time	585 ns
critical read: issue time	363serve time	585 ns
transactional read: issue time	363serve time	585 ns
transactional read: issue time	363serve time	585 ns
transactional read: issue time	253serve time	593 ns
transactional read: issue time	253serve time	593 ns
transactional read: issue time	253serve time	593 ns
transactional read: issue time	253serve time	593 ns
transactional read: issue time	365serve time	593 ns
transactional read: issue time	365serve time	593 ns
critical read: issue time	365serve time	593 ns
transactional read: issue time	365serve time	593 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	601 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	601 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	601 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	601 ns
transactional read: issue time	389serve time	601 ns
transactional read: issue time	389serve time	601 ns
critical read: issue time	389serve time	601 ns
transactional read: issue time	389serve time	601 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	609 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	609 ns
critical read: issue time	259serve time	609 ns
transactional read: issue time	259serve time	609 ns
transactional read: issue time	387serve time	609 ns
critical read: issue time	387serve time	609 ns
transactional read: issue time	387serve time	609 ns
transactional read: issue time	387serve time	609 ns
critical read: issue time	267serve time	617 ns
transactional read: issue time	267serve time	617 ns
transactional read: issue time	267serve time	617 ns
transactional read: issue time	267serve time	617 ns
transactional read: issue time	395serve time	617 ns
critical read: issue time	395serve time	617 ns
transactional read: issue time	395serve time	617 ns
transactional read: issue time	395serve time	617 ns
transactional read: issue time	275serve time	625 ns
transactional read: issue time	275serve time	625 ns
critical read: issue time	275serve time	625 ns
transactional read: issue time	275serve time	625 ns
critical read: issue time	401serve time	625 ns
transactional read: issue time	401serve time	625 ns
transactional read: issue time	401serve time	625 ns
transactional read: issue time	401serve time	625 ns
transactional read: issue time	281serve time	633 ns
transactional read: issue time	281serve time	633 ns
transactional read: issue time	281serve time	633 ns
critical read: issue time	281serve time	633 ns
transactional read: issue time	403serve time	633 ns
critical read: issue time	403serve time	633 ns
transactional read: issue time	403serve time	633 ns
transactional read: issue time	403serve time	633 ns
transactional read: issue time	287serve time	641 ns
transactional read: issue time	287serve time	641 ns
critical read: issue time	287serve time	641 ns
transactional read: issue time	287serve time	641 ns
transactional read: issue time	407serve time	641 ns
critical read: issue time	407serve time	641 ns
transactional read: issue time	407serve time	641 ns
transactional read: issue time	407serve time	641 ns
transactional read: issue time	289serve time	649 ns
transactional read: issue time	289serve time	649 ns
critical read: issue time	289serve time	649 ns
transactional read: issue time	289serve time	649 ns
critical read: issue time	411serve time	649 ns
transactional read: issue time	411serve time	649 ns
transactional read: issue time	411serve time	649 ns
transactional read: issue time	411serve time	649 ns
transactional read: issue time	301serve time	657 ns
transactional read: issue time	301serve time	657 ns
critical read: issue time	301serve time	657 ns
transactional read: issue time	301serve time	657 ns
critical read: issue time	415serve time	657 ns
transactional read: issue time	415serve time	657 ns
transactional read: issue time	415serve time	657 ns
transactional read: issue time	415serve time	657 ns
transactional read: issue time	303serve time	665 ns
transactional read: issue time	303serve time	665 ns
critical read: issue time	303serve time	665 ns
transactional read: issue time	303serve time	665 ns
critical read: issue time	422serve time	665 ns
transactional read: issue time	422serve time	665 ns
transactional read: issue time	422serve time	665 ns
transactional read: issue time	422serve time	665 ns
transactional read: issue time	307serve time	673 ns
transactional read: issue time	307serve time	673 ns
critical read: issue time	307serve time	673 ns
transactional read: issue time	307serve time	673 ns
transactional read: issue time	427serve time	673 ns
critical read: issue time	427serve time	673 ns
transactional read: issue time	427serve time	673 ns
transactional read: issue time	427serve time	673 ns
critical read: issue time	319serve time	681 ns
transactional read: issue time	319serve time	681 ns
transactional read: issue time	319serve time	681 ns
transactional read: issue time	319serve time	681 ns
critical read: issue time	435serve time	681 ns
transactional read: issue time	435serve time	681 ns
transactional read: issue time	435serve time	681 ns
transactional read: issue time	435serve time	681 ns
critical read: issue time	321serve time	689 ns
transactional read: issue time	321serve time	689 ns
transactional read: issue time	321serve time	689 ns
transactional read: issue time	321serve time	689 ns
critical read: issue time	453serve time	689 ns
transactional read: issue time	453serve time	689 ns
transactional read: issue time	453serve time	689 ns
transactional read: issue time	453serve time	689 ns
transactional read: issue time	323serve time	697 ns
transactional read: issue time	323serve time	697 ns
critical read: issue time	323serve time	697 ns
transactional read: issue time	323serve time	697 ns
transactional read: issue time	455serve time	697 ns
critical read: issue time	455serve time	697 ns
transactional read: issue time	455serve time	697 ns
transactional read: issue time	455serve time	697 ns
critical read: issue time	335serve time	705 ns
transactional read: issue time	335serve time	705 ns
transactional read: issue time	335serve time	705 ns
transactional read: issue time	335serve time	705 ns
critical read: issue time	443serve time	705 ns
transactional read: issue time	443serve time	705 ns
transactional read: issue time	443serve time	705 ns
transactional read: issue time	443serve time	705 ns
critical read: issue time	349serve time	713 ns
transactional read: issue time	349serve time	713 ns
transactional read: issue time	349serve time	713 ns
transactional read: issue time	349serve time	713 ns
transactional read: issue time	447serve time	713 ns
critical read: issue time	447serve time	713 ns
transactional read: issue time	447serve time	713 ns
transactional read: issue time	447serve time	713 ns
transactional read: issue time	359serve time	721 ns
critical read: issue time	359serve time	721 ns
transactional read: issue time	359serve time	721 ns
transactional read: issue time	359serve time	721 ns
transactional read: issue time	463serve time	721 ns
critical read: issue time	463serve time	721 ns
transactional read: issue time	463serve time	721 ns
transactional read: issue time	463serve time	721 ns
transactional read: issue time	367serve time	729 ns
transactional read: issue time	367serve time	729 ns
critical read: issue time	367serve time	729 ns
transactional read: issue time	367serve time	729 ns
critical read: issue time	467serve time	729 ns
transactional read: issue time	467serve time	729 ns
transactional read: issue time	467serve time	729 ns
transactional read: issue time	467serve time	729 ns
transactional read: issue time	369serve time	737 ns
transactional read: issue time	369serve time	737 ns
critical read: issue time	369serve time	737 ns
transactional read: issue time	369serve time	737 ns
critical read: issue time	473serve time	737 ns
transactional read: issue time	473serve time	737 ns
transactional read: issue time	473serve time	737 ns
transactional read: issue time	473serve time	737 ns
transactional read: issue time	375serve time	745 ns
critical read: issue time	375serve time	745 ns
transactional read: issue time	375serve time	745 ns
transactional read: issue time	375serve time	745 ns
transactional read: issue time	477serve time	745 ns
critical read: issue time	477serve time	745 ns
transactional read: issue time	477serve time	745 ns
transactional read: issue time	477serve time	745 ns
critical read: issue time	379serve time	753 ns
transactional read: issue time	379serve time	753 ns
transactional read: issue time	379serve time	753 ns
transactional read: issue time	379serve time	753 ns
critical read: issue time	485serve time	753 ns
transactional read: issue time	485serve time	753 ns
transactional read: issue time	485serve time	753 ns
transactional read: issue time	485serve time	753 ns
transactional read: issue time	383serve time	761 ns
transactional read: issue time	383serve time	761 ns
critical read: issue time	383serve time	761 ns
transactional read: issue time	383serve time	761 ns
transactional read: issue time	489serve time	761 ns
transactional read: issue time	489serve time	761 ns
critical read: issue time	489serve time	761 ns
transactional read: issue time	489serve time	761 ns
transactional read: issue time	387serve time	769 ns
transactional read: issue time	387serve time	769 ns
critical read: issue time	387serve time	769 ns
transactional read: issue time	387serve time	769 ns
critical read: issue time	489serve time	769 ns
transactional read: issue time	489serve time	769 ns
transactional read: issue time	489serve time	769 ns
transactional read: issue time	489serve time	769 ns
transactional read: issue time	407serve time	777 ns
transactional read: issue time	407serve time	777 ns
critical read: issue time	407serve time	777 ns
transactional read: issue time	407serve time	777 ns
transactional read: issue time	493serve time	777 ns
critical read: issue time	493serve time	777 ns
transactional read: issue time	493serve time	777 ns
transactional read: issue time	493serve time	777 ns
transactional read: issue time	425serve time	785 ns
critical read: issue time	425serve time	785 ns
transactional read: issue time	425serve time	785 ns
transactional read: issue time	425serve time	785 ns
transactional read: issue time	529serve time	785 ns
transactional read: issue time	529serve time	785 ns
transactional read: issue time	529serve time	785 ns
critical read: issue time	529serve time	785 ns
transactional read: issue time	427serve time	793 ns
critical read: issue time	427serve time	793 ns
transactional read: issue time	427serve time	793 ns
transactional read: issue time	427serve time	793 ns
critical read: issue time	549serve time	793 ns
transactional read: issue time	549serve time	793 ns
transactional read: issue time	549serve time	793 ns
transactional read: issue time	549serve time	793 ns
transactional read: issue time	433serve time	801 ns
transactional read: issue time	433serve time	801 ns
transactional read: issue time	433serve time	801 ns
critical read: issue time	433serve time	801 ns
critical read: issue time	569serve time	801 ns
transactional read: issue time	569serve time	801 ns
transactional read: issue time	569serve time	801 ns
transactional read: issue time	569serve time	801 ns
transactional read: issue time	445serve time	809 ns
transactional read: issue time	445serve time	809 ns
critical read: issue time	445serve time	809 ns
transactional read: issue time	445serve time	809 ns
critical read: issue time	579serve time	809 ns
transactional read: issue time	579serve time	809 ns
transactional read: issue time	579serve time	809 ns
transactional read: issue time	579serve time	809 ns
transactional read: issue time	465serve time	817 ns
critical read: issue time	465serve time	817 ns
transactional read: issue time	465serve time	817 ns
transactional read: issue time	465serve time	817 ns
critical read: issue time	585serve time	817 ns
transactional read: issue time	585serve time	817 ns
transactional read: issue time	585serve time	817 ns
transactional read: issue time	585serve time	817 ns
transactional read: issue time	447serve time	825 ns
transactional read: issue time	447serve time	825 ns
transactional read: issue time	447serve time	825 ns
critical read: issue time	447serve time	825 ns
transactional read: issue time	599serve time	825 ns
critical read: issue time	599serve time	825 ns
transactional read: issue time	599serve time	825 ns
transactional read: issue time	599serve time	825 ns
transactional read: issue time	469serve time	833 ns
critical read: issue time	469serve time	833 ns
transactional read: issue time	469serve time	833 ns
transactional read: issue time	469serve time	833 ns
transactional read: issue time	589serve time	833 ns
critical read: issue time	589serve time	833 ns
transactional read: issue time	589serve time	833 ns
transactional read: issue time	589serve time	833 ns
critical read: issue time	484serve time	841 ns
transactional read: issue time	484serve time	841 ns
transactional read: issue time	484serve time	841 ns
transactional read: issue time	484serve time	841 ns
transactional read: issue time	619serve time	841 ns
critical read: issue time	619serve time	841 ns
transactional read: issue time	619serve time	841 ns
transactional read: issue time	619serve time	841 ns
critical read: issue time	497serve time	849 ns
transactional read: issue time	497serve time	849 ns
transactional read: issue time	497serve time	849 ns
transactional read: issue time	497serve time	849 ns
critical read: issue time	619serve time	849 ns
transactional read: issue time	619serve time	849 ns
transactional read: issue time	619serve time	849 ns
transactional read: issue time	619serve time	849 ns
transactional read: issue time	505serve time	857 ns
transactional read: issue time	505serve time	857 ns
critical read: issue time	505serve time	857 ns
transactional read: issue time	505serve time	857 ns
critical read: issue time	647serve time	857 ns
transactional read: issue time	647serve time	857 ns
transactional read: issue time	647serve time	857 ns
transactional read: issue time	647serve time	857 ns
critical read: issue time	505serve time	865 ns
transactional read: issue time	505serve time	865 ns
transactional read: issue time	505serve time	865 ns
transactional read: issue time	505serve time	865 ns
transactional read: issue time	665serve time	865 ns
transactional read: issue time	665serve time	865 ns
transactional read: issue time	665serve time	865 ns
transactional read: issue time	665serve time	865 ns
critical read: issue time	509serve time	873 ns
transactional read: issue time	509serve time	873 ns
transactional read: issue time	509serve time	873 ns
transactional read: issue time	509serve time	873 ns
critical read: issue time	669serve time	873 ns
transactional read: issue time	669serve time	873 ns
transactional read: issue time	669serve time	873 ns
transactional read: issue time	669serve time	873 ns
transactional read: issue time	509serve time	881 ns
transactional read: issue time	509serve time	881 ns
critical read: issue time	509serve time	881 ns
transactional read: issue time	509serve time	881 ns
transactional read: issue time	667serve time	881 ns
critical read: issue time	667serve time	881 ns
transactional read: issue time	667serve time	881 ns
transactional read: issue time	667serve time	881 ns
transactional read: issue time	515serve time	889 ns
transactional read: issue time	515serve time	889 ns
transactional read: issue time	515serve time	889 ns
critical read: issue time	515serve time	889 ns
transactional read: issue time	633serve time	889 ns
transactional read: issue time	633serve time	889 ns
transactional read: issue time	633serve time	889 ns
transactional read: issue time	633serve time	889 ns
critical read: issue time	517serve time	897 ns
transactional read: issue time	517serve time	897 ns
transactional read: issue time	517serve time	897 ns
transactional read: issue time	517serve time	897 ns
transactional read: issue time	709serve time	897 ns
critical read: issue time	709serve time	897 ns
transactional read: issue time	709serve time	897 ns
transactional read: issue time	709serve time	897 ns
transactional read: issue time	525serve time	905 ns
critical read: issue time	525serve time	905 ns
transactional read: issue time	525serve time	905 ns
transactional read: issue time	525serve time	905 ns
critical read: issue time	697serve time	905 ns
transactional read: issue time	697serve time	905 ns
transactional read: issue time	697serve time	905 ns
transactional read: issue time	697serve time	905 ns
transactional read: issue time	525serve time	913 ns
critical read: issue time	525serve time	913 ns
transactional read: issue time	525serve time	913 ns
transactional read: issue time	525serve time	913 ns
transactional read: issue time	729serve time	913 ns
transactional read: issue time	729serve time	913 ns
critical read: issue time	729serve time	913 ns
transactional read: issue time	729serve time	913 ns
transactional read: issue time	529serve time	921 ns
transactional read: issue time	529serve time	921 ns
transactional read: issue time	529serve time	921 ns
critical read: issue time	529serve time	921 ns
transactional read: issue time	753serve time	921 ns
critical read: issue time	753serve time	921 ns
transactional read: issue time	753serve time	921 ns
transactional read: issue time	753serve time	921 ns
critical read: issue time	535serve time	929 ns
transactional read: issue time	535serve time	929 ns
transactional read: issue time	535serve time	929 ns
transactional read: issue time	535serve time	929 ns
critical read: issue time	763serve time	929 ns
transactional read: issue time	763serve time	929 ns
transactional read: issue time	763serve time	929 ns
transactional read: issue time	763serve time	929 ns
transactional read: issue time	539serve time	937 ns
critical read: issue time	539serve time	937 ns
transactional read: issue time	539serve time	937 ns
transactional read: issue time	539serve time	937 ns
critical read: issue time	773serve time	937 ns
transactional read: issue time	773serve time	937 ns
transactional read: issue time	773serve time	937 ns
transactional read: issue time	773serve time	937 ns
critical read: issue time	545serve time	945 ns
transactional read: issue time	545serve time	945 ns
transactional read: issue time	545serve time	945 ns
transactional read: issue time	545serve time	945 ns
critical read: issue time	769serve time	945 ns
transactional read: issue time	769serve time	945 ns
transactional read: issue time	769serve time	945 ns
transactional read: issue time	769serve time	945 ns
critical read: issue time	551serve time	953 ns
transactional read: issue time	551serve time	953 ns
transactional read: issue time	551serve time	953 ns
transactional read: issue time	551serve time	953 ns
critical read: issue time	793serve time	953 ns
transactional read: issue time	793serve time	953 ns
transactional read: issue time	793serve time	953 ns
transactional read: issue time	793serve time	953 ns
critical read: issue time	554serve time	961 ns
transactional read: issue time	554serve time	961 ns
transactional read: issue time	554serve time	961 ns
transactional read: issue time	554serve time	961 ns
critical read: issue time	789serve time	961 ns
transactional read: issue time	789serve time	961 ns
transactional read: issue time	789serve time	961 ns
transactional read: issue time	789serve time	961 ns
transactional read: issue time	559serve time	969 ns
transactional read: issue time	559serve time	969 ns
critical read: issue time	559serve time	969 ns
transactional read: issue time	559serve time	969 ns
transactional read: issue time	813serve time	969 ns
transactional read: issue time	813serve time	969 ns
critical read: issue time	813serve time	969 ns
transactional read: issue time	813serve time	969 ns
transactional read: issue time	565serve time	977 ns
critical read: issue time	565serve time	977 ns
transactional read: issue time	565serve time	977 ns
transactional read: issue time	565serve time	977 ns
critical read: issue time	827serve time	977 ns
transactional read: issue time	827serve time	977 ns
transactional read: issue time	827serve time	977 ns
transactional read: issue time	827serve time	977 ns
critical read: issue time	571serve time	985 ns
transactional read: issue time	571serve time	985 ns
transactional read: issue time	571serve time	985 ns
transactional read: issue time	571serve time	985 ns
critical read: issue time	833serve time	985 ns
transactional read: issue time	833serve time	985 ns
transactional read: issue time	833serve time	985 ns
transactional read: issue time	833serve time	985 ns
critical read: issue time	573serve time	993 ns
transactional read: issue time	573serve time	993 ns
transactional read: issue time	573serve time	993 ns
transactional read: issue time	573serve time	993 ns
critical read: issue time	851serve time	993 ns
transactional read: issue time	851serve time	993 ns
transactional read: issue time	851serve time	993 ns
transactional read: issue time	851serve time	993 ns
critical read: issue time	593serve time	1001 ns
transactional read: issue time	593serve time	1001 ns
transactional read: issue time	593serve time	1001 ns
transactional read: issue time	593serve time	1001 ns
critical read: issue time	819serve time	1001 ns
transactional read: issue time	819serve time	1001 ns
transactional read: issue time	819serve time	1001 ns
transactional read: issue time	819serve time	1001 ns
transactional read: issue time	605serve time	1009 ns
transactional read: issue time	605serve time	1009 ns
transactional read: issue time	605serve time	1009 ns
critical read: issue time	605serve time	1009 ns
critical read: issue time	839serve time	1009 ns
transactional read: issue time	839serve time	1009 ns
transactional read: issue time	839serve time	1009 ns
transactional read: issue time	839serve time	1009 ns
critical read: issue time	627serve time	1017 ns
transactional read: issue time	627serve time	1017 ns
transactional read: issue time	627serve time	1017 ns
transactional read: issue time	627serve time	1017 ns
critical read: issue time	899serve time	1017 ns
transactional read: issue time	899serve time	1017 ns
transactional read: issue time	899serve time	1017 ns
transactional read: issue time	899serve time	1017 ns
transactional read: issue time	639serve time	1025 ns
transactional read: issue time	639serve time	1025 ns
critical read: issue time	639serve time	1025 ns
transactional read: issue time	639serve time	1025 ns
critical read: issue time	909serve time	1025 ns
transactional read: issue time	909serve time	1025 ns
transactional read: issue time	909serve time	1025 ns
transactional read: issue time	909serve time	1025 ns
transactional read: issue time	641serve time	1033 ns
transactional read: issue time	641serve time	1033 ns
transactional read: issue time	641serve time	1033 ns
critical read: issue time	641serve time	1033 ns
transactional read: issue time	919serve time	1033 ns
transactional read: issue time	919serve time	1033 ns
transactional read: issue time	919serve time	1033 ns
critical read: issue time	919serve time	1033 ns
critical read: issue time	610serve time	1041 ns
transactional read: issue time	610serve time	1041 ns
transactional read: issue time	610serve time	1041 ns
transactional read: issue time	610serve time	1041 ns
critical read: issue time	949serve time	1041 ns
transactional read: issue time	949serve time	1041 ns
transactional read: issue time	949serve time	1041 ns
transactional read: issue time	949serve time	1041 ns
critical read: issue time	663serve time	1049 ns
transactional read: issue time	663serve time	1049 ns
transactional read: issue time	663serve time	1049 ns
transactional read: issue time	663serve time	1049 ns
critical read: issue time	951serve time	1049 ns
transactional read: issue time	951serve time	1049 ns
transactional read: issue time	951serve time	1049 ns
transactional read: issue time	951serve time	1049 ns
transactional read: issue time	665serve time	1057 ns
transactional read: issue time	665serve time	1057 ns
critical read: issue time	665serve time	1057 ns
transactional read: issue time	665serve time	1057 ns
transactional read: issue time	933serve time	1057 ns
critical read: issue time	933serve time	1057 ns
transactional read: issue time	933serve time	1057 ns
transactional read: issue time	933serve time	1057 ns
transactional read: issue time	683serve time	1065 ns
critical read: issue time	683serve time	1065 ns
transactional read: issue time	683serve time	1065 ns
transactional read: issue time	683serve time	1065 ns
critical read: issue time	939serve time	1065 ns
transactional read: issue time	939serve time	1065 ns
transactional read: issue time	939serve time	1065 ns
transactional read: issue time	939serve time	1065 ns
critical read: issue time	687serve time	1073 ns
transactional read: issue time	687serve time	1073 ns
transactional read: issue time	687serve time	1073 ns
transactional read: issue time	687serve time	1073 ns
critical read: issue time	969serve time	1073 ns
transactional read: issue time	969serve time	1073 ns
transactional read: issue time	969serve time	1073 ns
transactional read: issue time	969serve time	1073 ns
transactional read: issue time	691serve time	1081 ns
transactional read: issue time	691serve time	1081 ns
critical read: issue time	691serve time	1081 ns
transactional read: issue time	691serve time	1081 ns
critical read: issue time	971serve time	1081 ns
transactional read: issue time	971serve time	1081 ns
transactional read: issue time	971serve time	1081 ns
transactional read: issue time	971serve time	1081 ns
critical read: issue time	631serve time	1089 ns
transactional read: issue time	631serve time	1089 ns
transactional read: issue time	631serve time	1089 ns
transactional read: issue time	631serve time	1089 ns
transactional read: issue time	973serve time	1089 ns
critical read: issue time	973serve time	1089 ns
transactional read: issue time	973serve time	1089 ns
transactional read: issue time	973serve time	1089 ns
transactional read: issue time	633serve time	1097 ns
transactional read: issue time	633serve time	1097 ns
critical read: issue time	633serve time	1097 ns
transactional read: issue time	633serve time	1097 ns
critical read: issue time	995serve time	1097 ns
transactional read: issue time	995serve time	1097 ns
transactional read: issue time	995serve time	1097 ns
transactional read: issue time	995serve time	1097 ns
transactional read: issue time	703serve time	1105 ns
critical read: issue time	703serve time	1105 ns
transactional read: issue time	703serve time	1105 ns
transactional read: issue time	703serve time	1105 ns
critical read: issue time	1021serve time	1105 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1105 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1105 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1105 ns
transactional read: issue time	651serve time	1113 ns
critical read: issue time	651serve time	1113 ns
transactional read: issue time	651serve time	1113 ns
transactional read: issue time	651serve time	1113 ns
transactional read: issue time	1015serve time	1113 ns
transactional read: issue time	1015serve time	1113 ns
transactional read: issue time	1015serve time	1113 ns
critical read: issue time	1015serve time	1113 ns
transactional read: issue time	676serve time	1121 ns
transactional read: issue time	676serve time	1121 ns
critical read: issue time	676serve time	1121 ns
transactional read: issue time	676serve time	1121 ns
transactional read: issue time	961serve time	1121 ns
critical read: issue time	961serve time	1121 ns
transactional read: issue time	961serve time	1121 ns
transactional read: issue time	961serve time	1121 ns
critical read: issue time	711serve time	1129 ns
transactional read: issue time	711serve time	1129 ns
transactional read: issue time	711serve time	1129 ns
transactional read: issue time	711serve time	1129 ns
critical read: issue time	1031serve time	1129 ns
transactional read: issue time	1031serve time	1129 ns
transactional read: issue time	1031serve time	1129 ns
transactional read: issue time	1031serve time	1129 ns
critical read: issue time	723serve time	1137 ns
transactional read: issue time	723serve time	1137 ns
transactional read: issue time	723serve time	1137 ns
transactional read: issue time	723serve time	1137 ns
critical read: issue time	1035serve time	1137 ns
transactional read: issue time	1035serve time	1137 ns
transactional read: issue time	1035serve time	1137 ns
transactional read: issue time	1035serve time	1137 ns
transactional read: issue time	731serve time	1145 ns
transactional read: issue time	731serve time	1145 ns
critical read: issue time	731serve time	1145 ns
transactional read: issue time	731serve time	1145 ns
transactional read: issue time	981serve time	1145 ns
critical read: issue time	981serve time	1145 ns
transactional read: issue time	981serve time	1145 ns
transactional read: issue time	981serve time	1145 ns
transactional read: issue time	743serve time	1153 ns
transactional read: issue time	743serve time	1153 ns
critical read: issue time	743serve time	1153 ns
transactional read: issue time	743serve time	1153 ns
critical read: issue time	1055serve time	1153 ns
transactional read: issue time	1055serve time	1153 ns
transactional read: issue time	1055serve time	1153 ns
transactional read: issue time	1055serve time	1153 ns
critical read: issue time	749serve time	1161 ns
transactional read: issue time	749serve time	1161 ns
transactional read: issue time	749serve time	1161 ns
transactional read: issue time	749serve time	1161 ns
critical read: issue time	617serve time	1161 ns
transactional read: issue time	617serve time	1161 ns
transactional read: issue time	617serve time	1161 ns
transactional read: issue time	617serve time	1161 ns
critical read: issue time	717serve time	1169 ns
transactional read: issue time	717serve time	1169 ns
transactional read: issue time	717serve time	1169 ns
transactional read: issue time	717serve time	1169 ns
critical read: issue time	1067serve time	1169 ns
transactional read: issue time	1067serve time	1169 ns
transactional read: issue time	1067serve time	1169 ns
transactional read: issue time	1067serve time	1169 ns
critical read: issue time	783serve time	1177 ns
transactional read: issue time	783serve time	1177 ns
transactional read: issue time	783serve time	1177 ns
transactional read: issue time	783serve time	1177 ns
critical read: issue time	679serve time	1177 ns
transactional read: issue time	679serve time	1177 ns
transactional read: issue time	679serve time	1177 ns
transactional read: issue time	679serve time	1177 ns
critical read: issue time	807serve time	1185 ns
transactional read: issue time	807serve time	1185 ns
transactional read: issue time	807serve time	1185 ns
transactional read: issue time	807serve time	1185 ns
transactional read: issue time	811serve time	1193 ns
critical read: issue time	811serve time	1193 ns
transactional read: issue time	811serve time	1193 ns
transactional read: issue time	811serve time	1193 ns
critical read: issue time	1091serve time	1193 ns
transactional read: issue time	1091serve time	1193 ns
transactional read: issue time	1091serve time	1193 ns
transactional read: issue time	1091serve time	1193 ns
transactional read: issue time	831serve time	1201 ns
critical read: issue time	831serve time	1201 ns
transactional read: issue time	831serve time	1201 ns
transactional read: issue time	831serve time	1201 ns
critical read: issue time	739serve time	1209 ns
transactional read: issue time	739serve time	1209 ns
transactional read: issue time	739serve time	1209 ns
transactional read: issue time	739serve time	1209 ns
critical read: issue time	759serve time	1217 ns
transactional read: issue time	759serve time	1217 ns
transactional read: issue time	759serve time	1217 ns
transactional read: issue time	759serve time	1217 ns
critical read: issue time	1115serve time	1217 ns
transactional read: issue time	1115serve time	1217 ns
transactional read: issue time	1115serve time	1217 ns
transactional read: issue time	1115serve time	1217 ns
transactional read: issue time	847serve time	1225 ns
critical read: issue time	847serve time	1225 ns
transactional read: issue time	847serve time	1225 ns
transactional read: issue time	847serve time	1225 ns
critical read: issue time	1097serve time	1225 ns
transactional read: issue time	1097serve time	1225 ns
transactional read: issue time	1097serve time	1225 ns
transactional read: issue time	1097serve time	1225 ns
critical read: issue time	853serve time	1233 ns
transactional read: issue time	853serve time	1233 ns
transactional read: issue time	853serve time	1233 ns
transactional read: issue time	853serve time	1233 ns
critical read: issue time	1133serve time	1233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1133serve time	1233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1133serve time	1233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1133serve time	1233 ns
transactional read: issue time	779serve time	1241 ns
critical read: issue time	779serve time	1241 ns
transactional read: issue time	779serve time	1241 ns
transactional read: issue time	779serve time	1241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1137serve time	1241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1137serve time	1241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1137serve time	1241 ns
critical read: issue time	1137serve time	1241 ns
transactional read: issue time	799serve time	1249 ns
critical read: issue time	799serve time	1249 ns
transactional read: issue time	799serve time	1249 ns
transactional read: issue time	799serve time	1249 ns
critical read: issue time	1153serve time	1249 ns
transactional read: issue time	1153serve time	1249 ns
transactional read: issue time	1153serve time	1249 ns
transactional read: issue time	1153serve time	1249 ns
critical read: issue time	867serve time	1257 ns
transactional read: issue time	867serve time	1257 ns
transactional read: issue time	867serve time	1257 ns
transactional read: issue time	867serve time	1257 ns
transactional read: issue time	1160serve time	1257 ns
critical read: issue time	1160serve time	1257 ns
transactional read: issue time	1160serve time	1257 ns
transactional read: issue time	1160serve time	1257 ns
transactional read: issue time	871serve time	1265 ns
transactional read: issue time	871serve time	1265 ns
transactional read: issue time	871serve time	1265 ns
critical read: issue time	871serve time	1265 ns
critical read: issue time	1175serve time	1265 ns
transactional read: issue time	1175serve time	1265 ns
transactional read: issue time	1175serve time	1265 ns
transactional read: issue time	1175serve time	1265 ns
critical read: issue time	873serve time	1273 ns
transactional read: issue time	873serve time	1273 ns
transactional read: issue time	873serve time	1273 ns
transactional read: issue time	873serve time	1273 ns
transactional read: issue time	859serve time	1281 ns
transactional read: issue time	859serve time	1281 ns
transactional read: issue time	859serve time	1281 ns
critical read: issue time	859serve time	1281 ns
critical read: issue time	1195serve time	1281 ns
transactional read: issue time	1195serve time	1281 ns
transactional read: issue time	1195serve time	1281 ns
transactional read: issue time	1195serve time	1281 ns
critical read: issue time	879serve time	1289 ns
transactional read: issue time	879serve time	1289 ns
transactional read: issue time	879serve time	1289 ns
transactional read: issue time	879serve time	1289 ns
critical read: issue time	1205serve time	1289 ns
transactional read: issue time	1205serve time	1289 ns
transactional read: issue time	1205serve time	1289 ns
transactional read: issue time	1205serve time	1289 ns
transactional read: issue time	887serve time	1297 ns
critical read: issue time	887serve time	1297 ns
transactional read: issue time	887serve time	1297 ns
transactional read: issue time	887serve time	1297 ns
critical read: issue time	1199serve time	1297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1199serve time	1297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1199serve time	1297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1199serve time	1297 ns
critical read: issue time	893serve time	1305 ns
transactional read: issue time	893serve time	1305 ns
transactional read: issue time	893serve time	1305 ns
transactional read: issue time	893serve time	1305 ns
critical read: issue time	1215serve time	1305 ns
transactional read: issue time	1215serve time	1305 ns
transactional read: issue time	1215serve time	1305 ns
transactional read: issue time	1215serve time	1305 ns
critical read: issue time	575serve time	1313 ns
transactional read: issue time	575serve time	1313 ns
transactional read: issue time	575serve time	1313 ns
transactional read: issue time	575serve time	1313 ns
transactional read: issue time	1219serve time	1313 ns
critical read: issue time	1219serve time	1313 ns
transactional read: issue time	1219serve time	1313 ns
transactional read: issue time	1219serve time	1313 ns
transactional read: issue time	907serve time	1321 ns
transactional read: issue time	907serve time	1321 ns
critical read: issue time	907serve time	1321 ns
transactional read: issue time	907serve time	1321 ns
critical read: issue time	1137serve time	1321 ns
transactional read: issue time	1137serve time	1321 ns
transactional read: issue time	1137serve time	1321 ns
transactional read: issue time	1137serve time	1321 ns
critical read: issue time	913serve time	1329 ns
transactional read: issue time	913serve time	1329 ns
transactional read: issue time	913serve time	1329 ns
transactional read: issue time	913serve time	1329 ns
critical read: issue time	1165serve time	1329 ns
transactional read: issue time	1165serve time	1329 ns
transactional read: issue time	1165serve time	1329 ns
transactional read: issue time	1165serve time	1329 ns
critical read: issue time	929serve time	1337 ns
transactional read: issue time	929serve time	1337 ns
transactional read: issue time	929serve time	1337 ns
transactional read: issue time	929serve time	1337 ns
critical read: issue time	1235serve time	1337 ns
transactional read: issue time	1235serve time	1337 ns
transactional read: issue time	1235serve time	1337 ns
transactional read: issue time	1235serve time	1337 ns
critical read: issue time	929serve time	1345 ns
transactional read: issue time	929serve time	1345 ns
transactional read: issue time	929serve time	1345 ns
transactional read: issue time	929serve time	1345 ns
critical read: issue time	1261serve time	1345 ns
transactional read: issue time	1261serve time	1345 ns
transactional read: issue time	1261serve time	1345 ns
transactional read: issue time	1261serve time	1345 ns
critical read: issue time	953serve time	1353 ns
transactional read: issue time	953serve time	1353 ns
transactional read: issue time	953serve time	1353 ns
transactional read: issue time	953serve time	1353 ns
critical read: issue time	1275serve time	1353 ns
transactional read: issue time	1275serve time	1353 ns
transactional read: issue time	1275serve time	1353 ns
transactional read: issue time	1275serve time	1353 ns
transactional read: issue time	991serve time	1361 ns
transactional read: issue time	991serve time	1361 ns
critical read: issue time	991serve time	1361 ns
transactional read: issue time	991serve time	1361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1281serve time	1361 ns
critical read: issue time	1281serve time	1361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1281serve time	1361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1281serve time	1361 ns
critical read: issue time	999serve time	1369 ns
transactional read: issue time	999serve time	1369 ns
transactional read: issue time	999serve time	1369 ns
transactional read: issue time	999serve time	1369 ns
critical read: issue time	1261serve time	1369 ns
transactional read: issue time	1261serve time	1369 ns
transactional read: issue time	1261serve time	1369 ns
transactional read: issue time	1261serve time	1369 ns
transactional read: issue time	1011serve time	1377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1011serve time	1377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1011serve time	1377 ns
critical read: issue time	1011serve time	1377 ns
critical read: issue time	1286serve time	1377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1286serve time	1377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1286serve time	1377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1286serve time	1377 ns
critical read: issue time	1041serve time	1385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1041serve time	1385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1041serve time	1385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1041serve time	1385 ns
transactional read: issue time	785serve time	1385 ns
critical read: issue time	785serve time	1385 ns
transactional read: issue time	785serve time	1385 ns
transactional read: issue time	785serve time	1385 ns
critical read: issue time	1001serve time	1393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1001serve time	1393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1001serve time	1393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1001serve time	1393 ns
critical read: issue time	805serve time	1393 ns
transactional read: issue time	805serve time	1393 ns
transactional read: issue time	805serve time	1393 ns
transactional read: issue time	805serve time	1393 ns
critical read: issue time	1021serve time	1401 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1401 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1401 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1401 ns
critical read: issue time	825serve time	1401 ns
transactional read: issue time	825serve time	1401 ns
transactional read: issue time	825serve time	1401 ns
transactional read: issue time	825serve time	1401 ns
critical read: issue time	1046serve time	1409 ns
transactional read: issue time	1046serve time	1409 ns
transactional read: issue time	1046serve time	1409 ns
transactional read: issue time	1046serve time	1409 ns
transactional read: issue time	845serve time	1409 ns
transactional read: issue time	845serve time	1409 ns
critical read: issue time	845serve time	1409 ns
transactional read: issue time	845serve time	1409 ns
transactional read: issue time	1051serve time	1417 ns
transactional read: issue time	1051serve time	1417 ns
critical read: issue time	1051serve time	1417 ns
transactional read: issue time	1051serve time	1417 ns
transactional read: issue time	1303serve time	1417 ns
transactional read: issue time	1303serve time	1417 ns
transactional read: issue time	1303serve time	1417 ns
transactional read: issue time	1303serve time	1417 ns
critical read: issue time	595serve time	1425 ns
transactional read: issue time	595serve time	1425 ns
transactional read: issue time	595serve time	1425 ns
transactional read: issue time	595serve time	1425 ns
critical read: issue time	1317serve time	1425 ns
transactional read: issue time	1317serve time	1425 ns
transactional read: issue time	1317serve time	1425 ns
transactional read: issue time	1317serve time	1425 ns
critical read: issue time	1061serve time	1433 ns
transactional read: issue time	1061serve time	1433 ns
transactional read: issue time	1061serve time	1433 ns
transactional read: issue time	1061serve time	1433 ns
critical read: issue time	1331serve time	1433 ns
transactional read: issue time	1331serve time	1433 ns
transactional read: issue time	1331serve time	1433 ns
transactional read: issue time	1331serve time	1433 ns
transactional read: issue time	637serve time	1441 ns
transactional read: issue time	637serve time	1441 ns
transactional read: issue time	637serve time	1441 ns
critical read: issue time	637serve time	1441 ns
critical read: issue time	1337serve time	1441 ns
transactional read: issue time	1337serve time	1441 ns
transactional read: issue time	1337serve time	1441 ns
transactional read: issue time	1337serve time	1441 ns
critical read: issue time	1071serve time	1449 ns
transactional read: issue time	1071serve time	1449 ns
transactional read: issue time	1071serve time	1449 ns
transactional read: issue time	1071serve time	1449 ns
transactional read: issue time	1341serve time	1449 ns
critical read: issue time	1341serve time	1449 ns
transactional read: issue time	1341serve time	1449 ns
transactional read: issue time	1341serve time	1449 ns
transactional read: issue time	659serve time	1457 ns
transactional read: issue time	659serve time	1457 ns
critical read: issue time	659serve time	1457 ns
transactional read: issue time	659serve time	1457 ns
critical read: issue time	865serve time	1457 ns
transactional read: issue time	865serve time	1457 ns
transactional read: issue time	865serve time	1457 ns
transactional read: issue time	865serve time	1457 ns
transactional read: issue time	1075serve time	1465 ns
critical read: issue time	1075serve time	1465 ns
transactional read: issue time	1075serve time	1465 ns
transactional read: issue time	1075serve time	1465 ns
critical read: issue time	1351serve time	1465 ns
transactional read: issue time	1351serve time	1465 ns
transactional read: issue time	1351serve time	1465 ns
transactional read: issue time	1351serve time	1465 ns
critical read: issue time	704serve time	1473 ns
transactional read: issue time	704serve time	1473 ns
transactional read: issue time	704serve time	1473 ns
transactional read: issue time	704serve time	1473 ns
critical read: issue time	981serve time	1473 ns
transactional read: issue time	981serve time	1473 ns
transactional read: issue time	981serve time	1473 ns
transactional read: issue time	981serve time	1473 ns
transactional read: issue time	725serve time	1481 ns
transactional read: issue time	725serve time	1481 ns
critical read: issue time	725serve time	1481 ns
transactional read: issue time	725serve time	1481 ns
critical read: issue time	1359serve time	1481 ns
transactional read: issue time	1359serve time	1481 ns
transactional read: issue time	1359serve time	1481 ns
transactional read: issue time	1359serve time	1481 ns
transactional read: issue time	745serve time	1489 ns
transactional read: issue time	745serve time	1489 ns
critical read: issue time	745serve time	1489 ns
transactional read: issue time	745serve time	1489 ns
critical read: issue time	1371serve time	1489 ns
transactional read: issue time	1371serve time	1489 ns
transactional read: issue time	1371serve time	1489 ns
transactional read: issue time	1371serve time	1489 ns
critical read: issue time	765serve time	1497 ns
transactional read: issue time	765serve time	1497 ns
transactional read: issue time	765serve time	1497 ns
transactional read: issue time	765serve time	1497 ns
transactional read: issue time	1369serve time	1497 ns
critical read: issue time	1369serve time	1497 ns
transactional read: issue time	1369serve time	1497 ns
transactional read: issue time	1369serve time	1497 ns
transactional read: issue time	1091serve time	1505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1091serve time	1505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1091serve time	1505 ns
critical read: issue time	1091serve time	1505 ns
critical read: issue time	1389serve time	1505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1389serve time	1505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1389serve time	1505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1389serve time	1505 ns
critical read: issue time	1095serve time	1513 ns
transactional read: issue time	1095serve time	1513 ns
transactional read: issue time	1095serve time	1513 ns
transactional read: issue time	1095serve time	1513 ns
critical read: issue time	1391serve time	1513 ns
transactional read: issue time	1391serve time	1513 ns
transactional read: issue time	1391serve time	1513 ns
transactional read: issue time	1391serve time	1513 ns
critical read: issue time	1113serve time	1521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1113serve time	1521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1113serve time	1521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1113serve time	1521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1381serve time	1521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1381serve time	1521 ns
critical read: issue time	1381serve time	1521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1381serve time	1521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1115serve time	1529 ns
critical read: issue time	1115serve time	1529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1115serve time	1529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1115serve time	1529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1394serve time	1529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1394serve time	1529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1394serve time	1529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1394serve time	1529 ns
critical read: issue time	1135serve time	1537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1135serve time	1537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1135serve time	1537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1135serve time	1537 ns
critical read: issue time	1401serve time	1537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1401serve time	1537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1401serve time	1537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1401serve time	1537 ns
critical read: issue time	1117serve time	1545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1117serve time	1545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1117serve time	1545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1117serve time	1545 ns
critical read: issue time	1001serve time	1545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1001serve time	1545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1001serve time	1545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1001serve time	1545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1155serve time	1553 ns
transactional read: issue time	1155serve time	1553 ns
transactional read: issue time	1155serve time	1553 ns
critical read: issue time	1155serve time	1553 ns
critical read: issue time	1421serve time	1553 ns
transactional read: issue time	1421serve time	1553 ns
transactional read: issue time	1421serve time	1553 ns
transactional read: issue time	1421serve time	1553 ns
critical read: issue time	1159serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1159serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1159serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1159serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1420serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1420serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1420serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1420serve time	1561 ns
transactional read: issue time	1160serve time	1569 ns
transactional read: issue time	1160serve time	1569 ns
transactional read: issue time	1160serve time	1569 ns
transactional read: issue time	1160serve time	1569 ns
critical read: issue time	1459serve time	1569 ns
transactional read: issue time	1459serve time	1569 ns
transactional read: issue time	1459serve time	1569 ns
transactional read: issue time	1459serve time	1569 ns
critical read: issue time	1183serve time	1577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1183serve time	1577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1183serve time	1577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1183serve time	1577 ns
critical read: issue time	1459serve time	1577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1459serve time	1577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1459serve time	1577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1459serve time	1577 ns
critical read: issue time	1179serve time	1585 ns
transactional read: issue time	1179serve time	1585 ns
transactional read: issue time	1179serve time	1585 ns
transactional read: issue time	1179serve time	1585 ns
critical read: issue time	1061serve time	1585 ns
transactional read: issue time	1061serve time	1585 ns
transactional read: issue time	1061serve time	1585 ns
transactional read: issue time	1061serve time	1585 ns
critical read: issue time	1225serve time	1593 ns
transactional read: issue time	1225serve time	1593 ns
transactional read: issue time	1225serve time	1593 ns
transactional read: issue time	1225serve time	1593 ns
critical read: issue time	1471serve time	1593 ns
transactional read: issue time	1471serve time	1593 ns
transactional read: issue time	1471serve time	1593 ns
transactional read: issue time	1471serve time	1593 ns
critical read: issue time	1190serve time	1601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1190serve time	1601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1190serve time	1601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1190serve time	1601 ns
critical read: issue time	1501serve time	1601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1501serve time	1601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1501serve time	1601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1501serve time	1601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1239serve time	1609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1239serve time	1609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1239serve time	1609 ns
critical read: issue time	1239serve time	1609 ns
critical read: issue time	1484serve time	1609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1484serve time	1609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1484serve time	1609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1484serve time	1609 ns
critical read: issue time	1245serve time	1617 ns
transactional read: issue time	1245serve time	1617 ns
transactional read: issue time	1245serve time	1617 ns
transactional read: issue time	1245serve time	1617 ns
critical read: issue time	1521serve time	1617 ns
transactional read: issue time	1521serve time	1617 ns
transactional read: issue time	1521serve time	1617 ns
transactional read: issue time	1521serve time	1617 ns
critical read: issue time	1213serve time	1625 ns
transactional read: issue time	1213serve time	1625 ns
transactional read: issue time	1213serve time	1625 ns
transactional read: issue time	1213serve time	1625 ns
critical read: issue time	1543serve time	1625 ns
transactional read: issue time	1543serve time	1625 ns
transactional read: issue time	1543serve time	1625 ns
transactional read: issue time	1543serve time	1625 ns
critical read: issue time	1255serve time	1633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1255serve time	1633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1255serve time	1633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1255serve time	1633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1551serve time	1633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1551serve time	1633 ns
critical read: issue time	1551serve time	1633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1551serve time	1633 ns
critical read: issue time	1233serve time	1641 ns
transactional read: issue time	1233serve time	1641 ns
transactional read: issue time	1233serve time	1641 ns
transactional read: issue time	1233serve time	1641 ns
critical read: issue time	1529serve time	1641 ns
transactional read: issue time	1529serve time	1641 ns
transactional read: issue time	1529serve time	1641 ns
transactional read: issue time	1529serve time	1641 ns
critical read: issue time	1275serve time	1649 ns
transactional read: issue time	1275serve time	1649 ns
transactional read: issue time	1275serve time	1649 ns
transactional read: issue time	1275serve time	1649 ns
critical read: issue time	1563serve time	1649 ns
transactional read: issue time	1563serve time	1649 ns
transactional read: issue time	1563serve time	1649 ns
transactional read: issue time	1563serve time	1649 ns
critical read: issue time	1295serve time	1657 ns
transactional read: issue time	1295serve time	1657 ns
transactional read: issue time	1295serve time	1657 ns
transactional read: issue time	1295serve time	1657 ns
critical read: issue time	1573serve time	1657 ns
transactional read: issue time	1573serve time	1657 ns
transactional read: issue time	1573serve time	1657 ns
transactional read: issue time	1573serve time	1657 ns
critical read: issue time	1297serve time	1665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1297serve time	1665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1297serve time	1665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1297serve time	1665 ns
critical read: issue time	1583serve time	1665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1583serve time	1665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1583serve time	1665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1583serve time	1665 ns
critical read: issue time	1301serve time	1673 ns
transactional read: issue time	1301serve time	1673 ns
transactional read: issue time	1301serve time	1673 ns
transactional read: issue time	1301serve time	1673 ns
transactional read: issue time	1591serve time	1673 ns
transactional read: issue time	1591serve time	1673 ns
critical read: issue time	1591serve time	1673 ns
transactional read: issue time	1591serve time	1673 ns
critical read: issue time	1303serve time	1681 ns
transactional read: issue time	1303serve time	1681 ns
transactional read: issue time	1303serve time	1681 ns
transactional read: issue time	1303serve time	1681 ns
critical read: issue time	1325serve time	1689 ns
transactional read: issue time	1325serve time	1689 ns
transactional read: issue time	1325serve time	1689 ns
transactional read: issue time	1325serve time	1689 ns
transactional read: issue time	1321serve time	1697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1321serve time	1697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1321serve time	1697 ns
critical read: issue time	1321serve time	1697 ns
critical read: issue time	1614serve time	1697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1614serve time	1697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1614serve time	1697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1614serve time	1697 ns
critical read: issue time	1311serve time	1705 ns
transactional read: issue time	1311serve time	1705 ns
transactional read: issue time	1311serve time	1705 ns
transactional read: issue time	1311serve time	1705 ns
critical read: issue time	1611serve time	1705 ns
transactional read: issue time	1611serve time	1705 ns
transactional read: issue time	1611serve time	1705 ns
transactional read: issue time	1611serve time	1705 ns
critical read: issue time	885serve time	1713 ns
transactional read: issue time	885serve time	1713 ns
transactional read: issue time	885serve time	1713 ns
transactional read: issue time	885serve time	1713 ns
critical read: issue time	1609serve time	1713 ns
transactional read: issue time	1609serve time	1713 ns
transactional read: issue time	1609serve time	1713 ns
transactional read: issue time	1609serve time	1713 ns
critical read: issue time	905serve time	1721 ns
transactional read: issue time	905serve time	1721 ns
transactional read: issue time	905serve time	1721 ns
transactional read: issue time	905serve time	1721 ns
transactional read: issue time	1631serve time	1721 ns
transactional read: issue time	1631serve time	1721 ns
transactional read: issue time	1631serve time	1721 ns
critical read: issue time	1631serve time	1721 ns
transactional read: issue time	940serve time	1729 ns
transactional read: issue time	940serve time	1729 ns
critical read: issue time	940serve time	1729 ns
transactional read: issue time	940serve time	1729 ns
critical read: issue time	1147serve time	1729 ns
transactional read: issue time	1147serve time	1729 ns
transactional read: issue time	1147serve time	1729 ns
transactional read: issue time	1147serve time	1729 ns
critical read: issue time	961serve time	1737 ns
transactional read: issue time	961serve time	1737 ns
transactional read: issue time	961serve time	1737 ns
transactional read: issue time	961serve time	1737 ns
critical read: issue time	1643serve time	1737 ns
transactional read: issue time	1643serve time	1737 ns
transactional read: issue time	1643serve time	1737 ns
transactional read: issue time	1643serve time	1737 ns
critical read: issue time	1361serve time	1745 ns
transactional read: issue time	1361serve time	1745 ns
transactional read: issue time	1361serve time	1745 ns
transactional read: issue time	1361serve time	1745 ns
critical read: issue time	1367serve time	1753 ns
transactional read: issue time	1367serve time	1753 ns
transactional read: issue time	1367serve time	1753 ns
transactional read: issue time	1367serve time	1753 ns
transactional read: issue time	1369serve time	1761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1369serve time	1761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1369serve time	1761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1369serve time	1761 ns
critical read: issue time	1675serve time	1761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1675serve time	1761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1675serve time	1761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1675serve time	1761 ns
critical read: issue time	1394serve time	1769 ns
transactional read: issue time	1394serve time	1769 ns
transactional read: issue time	1394serve time	1769 ns
transactional read: issue time	1394serve time	1769 ns
critical read: issue time	1685serve time	1769 ns
transactional read: issue time	1685serve time	1769 ns
transactional read: issue time	1685serve time	1769 ns
transactional read: issue time	1685serve time	1769 ns
critical read: issue time	1384serve time	1777 ns
transactional read: issue time	1384serve time	1777 ns
transactional read: issue time	1384serve time	1777 ns
transactional read: issue time	1384serve time	1777 ns
critical read: issue time	1682serve time	1777 ns
transactional read: issue time	1682serve time	1777 ns
transactional read: issue time	1682serve time	1777 ns
transactional read: issue time	1682serve time	1777 ns
critical read: issue time	1409serve time	1785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1409serve time	1785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1409serve time	1785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1409serve time	1785 ns
critical read: issue time	1209serve time	1785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1209serve time	1785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1209serve time	1785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1209serve time	1785 ns
critical read: issue time	1409serve time	1793 ns
transactional read: issue time	1409serve time	1793 ns
transactional read: issue time	1409serve time	1793 ns
transactional read: issue time	1409serve time	1793 ns
critical read: issue time	1229serve time	1793 ns
transactional read: issue time	1229serve time	1793 ns
transactional read: issue time	1229serve time	1793 ns
transactional read: issue time	1229serve time	1793 ns
critical read: issue time	1429serve time	1801 ns
transactional read: issue time	1429serve time	1801 ns
transactional read: issue time	1429serve time	1801 ns
transactional read: issue time	1429serve time	1801 ns
critical read: issue time	1249serve time	1801 ns
transactional read: issue time	1249serve time	1801 ns
transactional read: issue time	1249serve time	1801 ns
transactional read: issue time	1249serve time	1801 ns
transactional read: issue time	1420serve time	1809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1420serve time	1809 ns
critical read: issue time	1420serve time	1809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1420serve time	1809 ns
critical read: issue time	1705serve time	1809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1705serve time	1809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1705serve time	1809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1705serve time	1809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1423serve time	1817 ns
critical read: issue time	1423serve time	1817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1423serve time	1817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1423serve time	1817 ns
critical read: issue time	1269serve time	1817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1269serve time	1817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1269serve time	1817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1269serve time	1817 ns
critical read: issue time	1431serve time	1825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1431serve time	1825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1431serve time	1825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1431serve time	1825 ns
critical read: issue time	1736serve time	1825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1736serve time	1825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1736serve time	1825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1736serve time	1825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1833 ns
critical read: issue time	1021serve time	1833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1021serve time	1833 ns
critical read: issue time	1737serve time	1833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1737serve time	1833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1737serve time	1833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1737serve time	1833 ns
critical read: issue time	1447serve time	1841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1447serve time	1841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1447serve time	1841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1447serve time	1841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1759serve time	1841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1759serve time	1841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1759serve time	1841 ns
critical read: issue time	1759serve time	1841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1449serve time	1849 ns
critical read: issue time	1449serve time	1849 ns
transactional read: issue time	1449serve time	1849 ns
transactional read: issue time	1449serve time	1849 ns
critical read: issue time	1725serve time	1849 ns
transactional read: issue time	1725serve time	1849 ns
transactional read: issue time	1725serve time	1849 ns
transactional read: issue time	1725serve time	1849 ns
transactional read: issue time	1041serve time	1857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1041serve time	1857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1041serve time	1857 ns
critical read: issue time	1041serve time	1857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1289serve time	1857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1289serve time	1857 ns
critical read: issue time	1289serve time	1857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1289serve time	1857 ns
critical read: issue time	1467serve time	1865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1467serve time	1865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1467serve time	1865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1467serve time	1865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1081serve time	1873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1081serve time	1873 ns
critical read: issue time	1081serve time	1873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1081serve time	1873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1353serve time	1873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1353serve time	1873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1353serve time	1873 ns
critical read: issue time	1353serve time	1873 ns
critical read: issue time	1481serve time	1881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1481serve time	1881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1481serve time	1881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1481serve time	1881 ns
critical read: issue time	1787serve time	1881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1787serve time	1881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1787serve time	1881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1787serve time	1881 ns
critical read: issue time	1487serve time	1889 ns
transactional read: issue time	1487serve time	1889 ns
transactional read: issue time	1487serve time	1889 ns
transactional read: issue time	1487serve time	1889 ns
critical read: issue time	1807serve time	1889 ns
transactional read: issue time	1807serve time	1889 ns
transactional read: issue time	1807serve time	1889 ns
transactional read: issue time	1807serve time	1889 ns
critical read: issue time	1491serve time	1897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1491serve time	1897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1491serve time	1897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1491serve time	1897 ns
critical read: issue time	1801serve time	1897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1801serve time	1897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1801serve time	1897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1801serve time	1897 ns
critical read: issue time	1517serve time	1905 ns
transactional read: issue time	1517serve time	1905 ns
transactional read: issue time	1517serve time	1905 ns
transactional read: issue time	1517serve time	1905 ns
critical read: issue time	1511serve time	1913 ns
transactional read: issue time	1511serve time	1913 ns
transactional read: issue time	1511serve time	1913 ns
transactional read: issue time	1511serve time	1913 ns
transactional read: issue time	1531serve time	1921 ns
transactional read: issue time	1531serve time	1921 ns
transactional read: issue time	1531serve time	1921 ns
critical read: issue time	1531serve time	1921 ns
critical read: issue time	1509serve time	1929 ns
transactional read: issue time	1509serve time	1929 ns
transactional read: issue time	1509serve time	1929 ns
transactional read: issue time	1509serve time	1929 ns
critical read: issue time	1551serve time	1937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1551serve time	1937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1551serve time	1937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1551serve time	1937 ns
critical read: issue time	1823serve time	1937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1823serve time	1937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1823serve time	1937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1823serve time	1937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1549serve time	1945 ns
critical read: issue time	1549serve time	1945 ns
transactional read: issue time	1549serve time	1945 ns
transactional read: issue time	1549serve time	1945 ns
critical read: issue time	1847serve time	1945 ns
transactional read: issue time	1847serve time	1945 ns
transactional read: issue time	1847serve time	1945 ns
transactional read: issue time	1847serve time	1945 ns
critical read: issue time	1101serve time	1953 ns
transactional read: issue time	1101serve time	1953 ns
transactional read: issue time	1101serve time	1953 ns
transactional read: issue time	1101serve time	1953 ns
critical read: issue time	1571serve time	1961 ns
transactional read: issue time	1571serve time	1961 ns
transactional read: issue time	1571serve time	1961 ns
transactional read: issue time	1571serve time	1961 ns
critical read: issue time	1593serve time	1969 ns
transactional read: issue time	1593serve time	1969 ns
transactional read: issue time	1593serve time	1969 ns
transactional read: issue time	1593serve time	1969 ns
critical read: issue time	1863serve time	1969 ns
transactional read: issue time	1863serve time	1969 ns
transactional read: issue time	1863serve time	1969 ns
transactional read: issue time	1863serve time	1969 ns
critical read: issue time	1569serve time	1977 ns
transactional read: issue time	1569serve time	1977 ns
transactional read: issue time	1569serve time	1977 ns
transactional read: issue time	1569serve time	1977 ns
critical read: issue time	1883serve time	1977 ns
transactional read: issue time	1883serve time	1977 ns
transactional read: issue time	1883serve time	1977 ns
transactional read: issue time	1883serve time	1977 ns
critical read: issue time	1589serve time	1985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1589serve time	1985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1589serve time	1985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1589serve time	1985 ns
critical read: issue time	1887serve time	1985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1887serve time	1985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1887serve time	1985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1887serve time	1985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1121serve time	1993 ns
transactional read: issue time	1121serve time	1993 ns
transactional read: issue time	1121serve time	1993 ns
critical read: issue time	1121serve time	1993 ns
critical read: issue time	1874serve time	1993 ns
transactional read: issue time	1874serve time	1993 ns
transactional read: issue time	1874serve time	1993 ns
transactional read: issue time	1874serve time	1993 ns
critical read: issue time	1613serve time	2001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1613serve time	2001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1613serve time	2001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1613serve time	2001 ns
critical read: issue time	1900serve time	2001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1900serve time	2001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1900serve time	2001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1900serve time	2001 ns
critical read: issue time	1629serve time	2009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1629serve time	2009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1629serve time	2009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1629serve time	2009 ns
critical read: issue time	1903serve time	2009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1903serve time	2009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1903serve time	2009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1903serve time	2009 ns
critical read: issue time	1639serve time	2017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1639serve time	2017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1639serve time	2017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1639serve time	2017 ns
critical read: issue time	1927serve time	2017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1927serve time	2017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1927serve time	2017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1927serve time	2017 ns
critical read: issue time	1167serve time	2025 ns
transactional read: issue time	1167serve time	2025 ns
transactional read: issue time	1167serve time	2025 ns
transactional read: issue time	1167serve time	2025 ns
critical read: issue time	1931serve time	2025 ns
transactional read: issue time	1931serve time	2025 ns
transactional read: issue time	1931serve time	2025 ns
transactional read: issue time	1931serve time	2025 ns
critical read: issue time	1654serve time	2033 ns
transactional read: issue time	1654serve time	2033 ns
transactional read: issue time	1654serve time	2033 ns
transactional read: issue time	1654serve time	2033 ns
critical read: issue time	1951serve time	2033 ns
transactional read: issue time	1951serve time	2033 ns
transactional read: issue time	1951serve time	2033 ns
transactional read: issue time	1951serve time	2033 ns
transactional read: issue time	1187serve time	2041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1187serve time	2041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1187serve time	2041 ns
critical read: issue time	1187serve time	2041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1963serve time	2041 ns
critical read: issue time	1963serve time	2041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1963serve time	2041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1963serve time	2041 ns
critical read: issue time	1657serve time	2049 ns
transactional read: issue time	1657serve time	2049 ns
transactional read: issue time	1657serve time	2049 ns
transactional read: issue time	1657serve time	2049 ns
transactional read: issue time	1967serve time	2049 ns
critical read: issue time	1967serve time	2049 ns
transactional read: issue time	1967serve time	2049 ns
transactional read: issue time	1967serve time	2049 ns
critical read: issue time	1660serve time	2057 ns
transactional read: issue time	1660serve time	2057 ns
transactional read: issue time	1660serve time	2057 ns
transactional read: issue time	1660serve time	2057 ns
critical read: issue time	1921serve time	2057 ns
transactional read: issue time	1921serve time	2057 ns
transactional read: issue time	1921serve time	2057 ns
transactional read: issue time	1921serve time	2057 ns
transactional read: issue time	1663serve time	2065 ns
critical read: issue time	1663serve time	2065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1663serve time	2065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1663serve time	2065 ns
critical read: issue time	1413serve time	2065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1413serve time	2065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1413serve time	2065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1413serve time	2065 ns
critical read: issue time	1695serve time	2073 ns
transactional read: issue time	1695serve time	2073 ns
transactional read: issue time	1695serve time	2073 ns
transactional read: issue time	1695serve time	2073 ns
critical read: issue time	1993serve time	2073 ns
transactional read: issue time	1993serve time	2073 ns
transactional read: issue time	1993serve time	2073 ns
transactional read: issue time	1993serve time	2073 ns
critical read: issue time	1695serve time	2081 ns
transactional read: issue time	1695serve time	2081 ns
transactional read: issue time	1695serve time	2081 ns
transactional read: issue time	1695serve time	2081 ns
critical read: issue time	1705serve time	2089 ns
transactional read: issue time	1705serve time	2089 ns
transactional read: issue time	1705serve time	2089 ns
transactional read: issue time	1705serve time	2089 ns
critical read: issue time	1477serve time	2089 ns
transactional read: issue time	1477serve time	2089 ns
transactional read: issue time	1477serve time	2089 ns
transactional read: issue time	1477serve time	2089 ns
critical read: issue time	1715serve time	2097 ns
transactional read: issue time	1715serve time	2097 ns
transactional read: issue time	1715serve time	2097 ns
transactional read: issue time	1715serve time	2097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2007serve time	2097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2007serve time	2097 ns
critical read: issue time	2007serve time	2097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2007serve time	2097 ns
critical read: issue time	1725serve time	2105 ns
transactional read: issue time	1725serve time	2105 ns
transactional read: issue time	1725serve time	2105 ns
transactional read: issue time	1725serve time	2105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2011serve time	2105 ns
critical read: issue time	2011serve time	2105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2011serve time	2105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2011serve time	2105 ns
critical read: issue time	1717serve time	2113 ns
transactional read: issue time	1717serve time	2113 ns
transactional read: issue time	1717serve time	2113 ns
transactional read: issue time	1717serve time	2113 ns
critical read: issue time	2027serve time	2113 ns
transactional read: issue time	2027serve time	2113 ns
transactional read: issue time	2027serve time	2113 ns
transactional read: issue time	2027serve time	2113 ns
critical read: issue time	1745serve time	2121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1745serve time	2121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1745serve time	2121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1745serve time	2121 ns
critical read: issue time	1497serve time	2121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1497serve time	2121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1497serve time	2121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1497serve time	2121 ns
critical read: issue time	1753serve time	2129 ns
transactional read: issue time	1753serve time	2129 ns
transactional read: issue time	1753serve time	2129 ns
transactional read: issue time	1753serve time	2129 ns
transactional read: issue time	1765serve time	2137 ns
transactional read: issue time	1765serve time	2137 ns
transactional read: issue time	1765serve time	2137 ns
critical read: issue time	1765serve time	2137 ns
critical read: issue time	2047serve time	2137 ns
transactional read: issue time	2047serve time	2137 ns
transactional read: issue time	2047serve time	2137 ns
transactional read: issue time	2047serve time	2137 ns
transactional read: issue time	1766serve time	2145 ns
transactional read: issue time	1766serve time	2145 ns
critical read: issue time	1766serve time	2145 ns
transactional read: issue time	1766serve time	2145 ns
critical read: issue time	2055serve time	2145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2055serve time	2145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2055serve time	2145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2055serve time	2145 ns
critical read: issue time	1778serve time	2153 ns
transactional read: issue time	1778serve time	2153 ns
transactional read: issue time	1778serve time	2153 ns
transactional read: issue time	1778serve time	2153 ns
critical read: issue time	2075serve time	2153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2075serve time	2153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2075serve time	2153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2075serve time	2153 ns
critical read: issue time	1311serve time	2161 ns
transactional read: issue time	1311serve time	2161 ns
transactional read: issue time	1311serve time	2161 ns
transactional read: issue time	1311serve time	2161 ns
critical read: issue time	2077serve time	2161 ns
transactional read: issue time	2077serve time	2161 ns
transactional read: issue time	2077serve time	2161 ns
transactional read: issue time	2077serve time	2161 ns
critical read: issue time	1781serve time	2169 ns
transactional read: issue time	1781serve time	2169 ns
transactional read: issue time	1781serve time	2169 ns
transactional read: issue time	1781serve time	2169 ns
critical read: issue time	1333serve time	2177 ns
transactional read: issue time	1333serve time	2177 ns
transactional read: issue time	1333serve time	2177 ns
transactional read: issue time	1333serve time	2177 ns
critical read: issue time	1787serve time	2185 ns
transactional read: issue time	1787serve time	2185 ns
transactional read: issue time	1787serve time	2185 ns
transactional read: issue time	1787serve time	2185 ns
critical read: issue time	2099serve time	2185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2099serve time	2185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2099serve time	2185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2099serve time	2185 ns
transactional read: issue time	1803serve time	2193 ns
transactional read: issue time	1803serve time	2193 ns
transactional read: issue time	1803serve time	2193 ns
critical read: issue time	1803serve time	2193 ns
critical read: issue time	2107serve time	2193 ns
transactional read: issue time	2107serve time	2193 ns
transactional read: issue time	2107serve time	2193 ns
transactional read: issue time	2107serve time	2193 ns
critical read: issue time	1807serve time	2201 ns
transactional read: issue time	1807serve time	2201 ns
transactional read: issue time	1807serve time	2201 ns
transactional read: issue time	1807serve time	2201 ns
critical read: issue time	2095serve time	2201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2095serve time	2201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2095serve time	2201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2095serve time	2201 ns
critical read: issue time	1373serve time	2209 ns
transactional read: issue time	1373serve time	2209 ns
transactional read: issue time	1373serve time	2209 ns
transactional read: issue time	1373serve time	2209 ns
critical read: issue time	2117serve time	2209 ns
transactional read: issue time	2117serve time	2209 ns
transactional read: issue time	2117serve time	2209 ns
transactional read: issue time	2117serve time	2209 ns
critical read: issue time	1393serve time	2217 ns
transactional read: issue time	1393serve time	2217 ns
transactional read: issue time	1393serve time	2217 ns
transactional read: issue time	1393serve time	2217 ns
critical read: issue time	2115serve time	2217 ns
transactional read: issue time	2115serve time	2217 ns
transactional read: issue time	2115serve time	2217 ns
transactional read: issue time	2115serve time	2217 ns
critical read: issue time	1821serve time	2225 ns
transactional read: issue time	1821serve time	2225 ns
transactional read: issue time	1821serve time	2225 ns
transactional read: issue time	1821serve time	2225 ns
critical read: issue time	2139serve time	2225 ns
transactional read: issue time	2139serve time	2225 ns
transactional read: issue time	2139serve time	2225 ns
transactional read: issue time	2139serve time	2225 ns
transactional read: issue time	1827serve time	2233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1827serve time	2233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1827serve time	2233 ns
critical read: issue time	1827serve time	2233 ns
critical read: issue time	2147serve time	2233 ns
transactional read: issue time	2147serve time	2233 ns
transactional read: issue time	2147serve time	2233 ns
transactional read: issue time	2147serve time	2233 ns
critical read: issue time	1827serve time	2241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1827serve time	2241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1827serve time	2241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1827serve time	2241 ns
critical read: issue time	2157serve time	2241 ns
transactional read: issue time	2157serve time	2241 ns
transactional read: issue time	2157serve time	2241 ns
transactional read: issue time	2157serve time	2241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1843serve time	2249 ns
transactional read: issue time	1843serve time	2249 ns
transactional read: issue time	1843serve time	2249 ns
critical read: issue time	1843serve time	2249 ns
transactional read: issue time	2159serve time	2249 ns
transactional read: issue time	2159serve time	2249 ns
transactional read: issue time	2159serve time	2249 ns
critical read: issue time	2159serve time	2249 ns
transactional read: issue time	1847serve time	2257 ns
transactional read: issue time	1847serve time	2257 ns
critical read: issue time	1847serve time	2257 ns
transactional read: issue time	1847serve time	2257 ns
critical read: issue time	2177serve time	2257 ns
transactional read: issue time	2177serve time	2257 ns
transactional read: issue time	2177serve time	2257 ns
transactional read: issue time	2177serve time	2257 ns
transactional read: issue time	1867serve time	2265 ns
transactional read: issue time	1867serve time	2265 ns
transactional read: issue time	1867serve time	2265 ns
critical read: issue time	1867serve time	2265 ns
transactional read: issue time	1869serve time	2273 ns
transactional read: issue time	1869serve time	2273 ns
critical read: issue time	1869serve time	2273 ns
transactional read: issue time	1869serve time	2273 ns
critical read: issue time	1577serve time	2273 ns
transactional read: issue time	1577serve time	2273 ns
transactional read: issue time	1577serve time	2273 ns
transactional read: issue time	1577serve time	2273 ns
critical read: issue time	1849serve time	2281 ns
transactional read: issue time	1849serve time	2281 ns
transactional read: issue time	1849serve time	2281 ns
transactional read: issue time	1849serve time	2281 ns
critical read: issue time	2197serve time	2281 ns
transactional read: issue time	2197serve time	2281 ns
transactional read: issue time	2197serve time	2281 ns
transactional read: issue time	2197serve time	2281 ns
critical read: issue time	1889serve time	2289 ns
transactional read: issue time	1889serve time	2289 ns
transactional read: issue time	1889serve time	2289 ns
transactional read: issue time	1889serve time	2289 ns
critical read: issue time	2199serve time	2289 ns
transactional read: issue time	2199serve time	2289 ns
transactional read: issue time	2199serve time	2289 ns
transactional read: issue time	2199serve time	2289 ns
transactional read: issue time	1907serve time	2297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1907serve time	2297 ns
critical read: issue time	1907serve time	2297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1907serve time	2297 ns
critical read: issue time	2211serve time	2297 ns
transactional read: issue time	2211serve time	2297 ns
transactional read: issue time	2211serve time	2297 ns
transactional read: issue time	2211serve time	2297 ns
critical read: issue time	1909serve time	2305 ns
transactional read: issue time	1909serve time	2305 ns
transactional read: issue time	1909serve time	2305 ns
transactional read: issue time	1909serve time	2305 ns
transactional read: issue time	2219serve time	2305 ns
critical read: issue time	2219serve time	2305 ns
transactional read: issue time	2219serve time	2305 ns
transactional read: issue time	2219serve time	2305 ns
critical read: issue time	1923serve time	2313 ns
transactional read: issue time	1923serve time	2313 ns
transactional read: issue time	1923serve time	2313 ns
transactional read: issue time	1923serve time	2313 ns
critical read: issue time	2227serve time	2313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2227serve time	2313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2227serve time	2313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2227serve time	2313 ns
critical read: issue time	1943serve time	2321 ns
transactional read: issue time	1943serve time	2321 ns
transactional read: issue time	1943serve time	2321 ns
transactional read: issue time	1943serve time	2321 ns
critical read: issue time	2231serve time	2321 ns
transactional read: issue time	2231serve time	2321 ns
transactional read: issue time	2231serve time	2321 ns
transactional read: issue time	2231serve time	2321 ns
critical read: issue time	1947serve time	2329 ns
transactional read: issue time	1947serve time	2329 ns
transactional read: issue time	1947serve time	2329 ns
transactional read: issue time	1947serve time	2329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2246serve time	2329 ns
critical read: issue time	2246serve time	2329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2246serve time	2329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2246serve time	2329 ns
transactional read: issue time	1972serve time	2337 ns
transactional read: issue time	1972serve time	2337 ns
critical read: issue time	1972serve time	2337 ns
transactional read: issue time	1972serve time	2337 ns
critical read: issue time	2267serve time	2337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2267serve time	2337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2267serve time	2337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2267serve time	2337 ns
critical read: issue time	1951serve time	2345 ns
transactional read: issue time	1951serve time	2345 ns
transactional read: issue time	1951serve time	2345 ns
transactional read: issue time	1951serve time	2345 ns
critical read: issue time	2261serve time	2345 ns
transactional read: issue time	2261serve time	2345 ns
transactional read: issue time	2261serve time	2345 ns
transactional read: issue time	2261serve time	2345 ns
transactional read: issue time	1971serve time	2353 ns
transactional read: issue time	1971serve time	2353 ns
transactional read: issue time	1971serve time	2353 ns
critical read: issue time	1971serve time	2353 ns
transactional read: issue time	2274serve time	2353 ns
transactional read: issue time	2274serve time	2353 ns
transactional read: issue time	2274serve time	2353 ns
transactional read: issue time	2274serve time	2353 ns
critical read: issue time	1985serve time	2361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1985serve time	2361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1985serve time	2361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1985serve time	2361 ns
critical read: issue time	1617serve time	2361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1617serve time	2361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1617serve time	2361 ns
transactional read: issue time	1617serve time	2361 ns
critical read: issue time	1987serve time	2369 ns
transactional read: issue time	1987serve time	2369 ns
transactional read: issue time	1987serve time	2369 ns
transactional read: issue time	1987serve time	2369 ns
critical read: issue time	2283serve time	2369 ns
transactional read: issue time	2283serve time	2369 ns
transactional read: issue time	2283serve time	2369 ns
transactional read: issue time	2283serve time	2369 ns
critical read: issue time	1991serve time	2377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1991serve time	2377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1991serve time	2377 ns
transactional read: issue time	1991serve time	2377 ns
transactional read: issue time	2287serve time	2377 ns
critical read: issue time	2287serve time	2377 ns
transactional read: issue time	2287serve time	2377 ns
transactional read: issue time	2287serve time	2377 ns
critical read: issue time	1433serve time	2385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1433serve time	2385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1433serve time	2385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1433serve time	2385 ns
critical read: issue time	1679serve time	2385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1679serve time	2385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1679serve time	2385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1679serve time	2385 ns
transactional read: issue time	1456serve time	2393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1456serve time	2393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1456serve time	2393 ns
critical read: issue time	1456serve time	2393 ns
critical read: issue time	2309serve time	2393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2309serve time	2393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2309serve time	2393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2309serve time	2393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2013serve time	2401 ns
transactional read: issue time	2013serve time	2401 ns
critical read: issue time	2013serve time	2401 ns
transactional read: issue time	2013serve time	2401 ns
critical read: issue time	2007serve time	2409 ns
transactional read: issue time	2007serve time	2409 ns
transactional read: issue time	2007serve time	2409 ns
transactional read: issue time	2007serve time	2409 ns
critical read: issue time	2329serve time	2409 ns
transactional read: issue time	2329serve time	2409 ns
transactional read: issue time	2329serve time	2409 ns
transactional read: issue time	2329serve time	2409 ns
transactional read: issue time	2027serve time	2417 ns
critical read: issue time	2027serve time	2417 ns
transactional read: issue time	2027serve time	2417 ns
transactional read: issue time	2027serve time	2417 ns
critical read: issue time	2033serve time	2425 ns
transactional read: issue time	2033serve time	2425 ns
transactional read: issue time	2033serve time	2425 ns
transactional read: issue time	2033serve time	2425 ns
transactional read: issue time	2033serve time	2433 ns
critical read: issue time	2033serve time	2433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2033serve time	2433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2033serve time	2433 ns
critical read: issue time	2349serve time	2433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2349serve time	2433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2349serve time	2433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2349serve time	2433 ns
critical read: issue time	2047serve time	2441 ns
transactional read: issue time	2047serve time	2441 ns
transactional read: issue time	2047serve time	2441 ns
transactional read: issue time	2047serve time	2441 ns
critical read: issue time	2351serve time	2441 ns
transactional read: issue time	2351serve time	2441 ns
transactional read: issue time	2351serve time	2441 ns
transactional read: issue time	2351serve time	2441 ns
critical read: issue time	2055serve time	2449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2055serve time	2449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2055serve time	2449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2055serve time	2449 ns
critical read: issue time	2345serve time	2449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2345serve time	2449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2345serve time	2449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2345serve time	2449 ns
critical read: issue time	2067serve time	2457 ns
transactional read: issue time	2067serve time	2457 ns
transactional read: issue time	2067serve time	2457 ns
transactional read: issue time	2067serve time	2457 ns
transactional read: issue time	2369serve time	2457 ns
transactional read: issue time	2369serve time	2457 ns
transactional read: issue time	2369serve time	2457 ns
critical read: issue time	2369serve time	2457 ns
critical read: issue time	2087serve time	2465 ns
transactional read: issue time	2087serve time	2465 ns
transactional read: issue time	2087serve time	2465 ns
transactional read: issue time	2087serve time	2465 ns
critical read: issue time	2075serve time	2473 ns
transactional read: issue time	2075serve time	2473 ns
transactional read: issue time	2075serve time	2473 ns
transactional read: issue time	2075serve time	2473 ns
critical read: issue time	1517serve time	2481 ns
transactional read: issue time	1517serve time	2481 ns
transactional read: issue time	1517serve time	2481 ns
transactional read: issue time	1517serve time	2481 ns
transactional read: issue time	2391serve time	2481 ns
transactional read: issue time	2391serve time	2481 ns
transactional read: issue time	2391serve time	2481 ns
critical read: issue time	2391serve time	2481 ns
critical read: issue time	2097serve time	2489 ns
transactional read: issue time	2097serve time	2489 ns
transactional read: issue time	2097serve time	2489 ns
transactional read: issue time	2097serve time	2489 ns
critical read: issue time	2393serve time	2489 ns
transactional read: issue time	2393serve time	2489 ns
transactional read: issue time	2393serve time	2489 ns
transactional read: issue time	2393serve time	2489 ns
transactional read: issue time	1537serve time	2497 ns
transactional read: issue time	1537serve time	2497 ns
transactional read: issue time	1537serve time	2497 ns
critical read: issue time	1537serve time	2497 ns
critical read: issue time	2385serve time	2497 ns
transactional read: issue time	2385serve time	2497 ns
transactional read: issue time	2385serve time	2497 ns
transactional read: issue time	2385serve time	2497 ns
critical read: issue time	2119serve time	2505 ns
transactional read: issue time	2119serve time	2505 ns
transactional read: issue time	2119serve time	2505 ns
transactional read: issue time	2119serve time	2505 ns
critical read: issue time	2411serve time	2505 ns
transactional read: issue time	2411serve time	2505 ns
transactional read: issue time	2411serve time	2505 ns
transactional read: issue time	2411serve time	2505 ns
transactional read: issue time	2127serve time	2513 ns
transactional read: issue time	2127serve time	2513 ns
transactional read: issue time	2127serve time	2513 ns
critical read: issue time	2127serve time	2513 ns
critical read: issue time	2431serve time	2513 ns
transactional read: issue time	2431serve time	2513 ns
transactional read: issue time	2431serve time	2513 ns
transactional read: issue time	2431serve time	2513 ns
critical read: issue time	2135serve time	2521 ns
transactional read: issue time	2135serve time	2521 ns
transactional read: issue time	2135serve time	2521 ns
transactional read: issue time	2135serve time	2521 ns
critical read: issue time	2415serve time	2521 ns
transactional read: issue time	2415serve time	2521 ns
transactional read: issue time	2415serve time	2521 ns
transactional read: issue time	2415serve time	2521 ns
critical read: issue time	2139serve time	2529 ns
transactional read: issue time	2139serve time	2529 ns
transactional read: issue time	2139serve time	2529 ns
transactional read: issue time	2139serve time	2529 ns
critical read: issue time	2425serve time	2529 ns
transactional read: issue time	2425serve time	2529 ns
transactional read: issue time	2425serve time	2529 ns
transactional read: issue time	2425serve time	2529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1557serve time	2537 ns
critical read: issue time	1557serve time	2537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1557serve time	2537 ns
transactional read: issue time	1557serve time	2537 ns
critical read: issue time	2445serve time	2537 ns
transactional read: issue time	2445serve time	2537 ns
transactional read: issue time	2445serve time	2537 ns
transactional read: issue time	2445serve time	2537 ns
critical read: issue time	2167serve time	2545 ns
transactional read: issue time	2167serve time	2545 ns
transactional read: issue time	2167serve time	2545 ns
transactional read: issue time	2167serve time	2545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1721serve time	2545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1721serve time	2545 ns
transactional read: issue time	1721serve time	2545 ns
critical read: issue time	1721serve time	2545 ns
critical read: issue time	2179serve time	2553 ns
transactional read: issue time	2179serve time	2553 ns
transactional read: issue time	2179serve time	2553 ns
transactional read: issue time	2179serve time	2553 ns
transactional read: issue time	2471serve time	2553 ns
transactional read: issue time	2471serve time	2553 ns
transactional read: issue time	2471serve time	2553 ns
critical read: issue time	2471serve time	2553 ns
critical read: issue time	2169serve time	2561 ns
transactional read: issue time	2169serve time	2561 ns
transactional read: issue time	2169serve time	2561 ns
transactional read: issue time	2169serve time	2561 ns
critical read: issue time	2465serve time	2561 ns
transactional read: issue time	2465serve time	2561 ns
transactional read: issue time	2465serve time	2561 ns
transactional read: issue time	2465serve time	2561 ns
transactional read: issue time	2187serve time	2569 ns
transactional read: issue time	2187serve time	2569 ns
transactional read: issue time	2187serve time	2569 ns
critical read: issue time	2187serve time	2569 ns
critical read: issue time	2469serve time	2569 ns
transactional read: issue time	2469serve time	2569 ns
transactional read: issue time	2469serve time	2569 ns
transactional read: issue time	2469serve time	2569 ns
critical read: issue time	2189serve time	2577 ns
transactional read: issue time	2189serve time	2577 ns
transactional read: issue time	2189serve time	2577 ns
transactional read: issue time	2189serve time	2577 ns
critical read: issue time	1741serve time	2577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1741serve time	2577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1741serve time	2577 ns
transactional read: issue time	1741serve time	2577 ns
critical read: issue time	2207serve time	2585 ns
transactional read: issue time	2207serve time	2585 ns
transactional read: issue time	2207serve time	2585 ns
transactional read: issue time	2207serve time	2585 ns
critical read: issue time	2217serve time	2593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2217serve time	2593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2217serve time	2593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2217serve time	2593 ns
critical read: issue time	2509serve time	2593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2509serve time	2593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2509serve time	2593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2509serve time	2593 ns
critical read: issue time	1597serve time	2601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1597serve time	2601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1597serve time	2601 ns
transactional read: issue time	1597serve time	2601 ns
critical read: issue time	2511serve time	2601 ns
transactional read: issue time	2511serve time	2601 ns
transactional read: issue time	2511serve time	2601 ns
transactional read: issue time	2511serve time	2601 ns
transactional read: issue time	2237serve time	2609 ns
transactional read: issue time	2237serve time	2609 ns
transactional read: issue time	2237serve time	2609 ns
critical read: issue time	2237serve time	2609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1822serve time	2609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1822serve time	2609 ns
transactional read: issue time	1822serve time	2609 ns
critical read: issue time	1822serve time	2609 ns
critical read: issue time	2239serve time	2617 ns
transactional read: issue time	2239serve time	2617 ns
transactional read: issue time	2239serve time	2617 ns
transactional read: issue time	2239serve time	2617 ns
critical read: issue time	2531serve time	2617 ns
transactional read: issue time	2531serve time	2617 ns
transactional read: issue time	2531serve time	2617 ns
transactional read: issue time	2531serve time	2617 ns
critical read: issue time	2247serve time	2625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2247serve time	2625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2247serve time	2625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2247serve time	2625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2531serve time	2625 ns
critical read: issue time	2531serve time	2625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2531serve time	2625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2531serve time	2625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2246serve time	2633 ns
transactional read: issue time	2246serve time	2633 ns
transactional read: issue time	2246serve time	2633 ns
transactional read: issue time	2246serve time	2633 ns
critical read: issue time	1863serve time	2633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1863serve time	2633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1863serve time	2633 ns
transactional read: issue time	1863serve time	2633 ns
critical read: issue time	2261serve time	2641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2261serve time	2641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2261serve time	2641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2261serve time	2641 ns
critical read: issue time	2549serve time	2641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2549serve time	2641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2549serve time	2641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2549serve time	2641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2257serve time	2649 ns
transactional read: issue time	2257serve time	2649 ns
transactional read: issue time	2257serve time	2649 ns
critical read: issue time	2257serve time	2649 ns
critical read: issue time	2551serve time	2649 ns
transactional read: issue time	2551serve time	2649 ns
transactional read: issue time	2551serve time	2649 ns
transactional read: issue time	2551serve time	2649 ns
critical read: issue time	2274serve time	2657 ns
transactional read: issue time	2274serve time	2657 ns
transactional read: issue time	2274serve time	2657 ns
transactional read: issue time	2274serve time	2657 ns
critical read: issue time	2551serve time	2657 ns
transactional read: issue time	2551serve time	2657 ns
transactional read: issue time	2551serve time	2657 ns
transactional read: issue time	2551serve time	2657 ns
critical read: issue time	1637serve time	2665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1637serve time	2665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1637serve time	2665 ns
transactional read: issue time	1637serve time	2665 ns
critical read: issue time	2573serve time	2665 ns
transactional read: issue time	2573serve time	2665 ns
transactional read: issue time	2573serve time	2665 ns
transactional read: issue time	2573serve time	2665 ns
critical read: issue time	2281serve time	2673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2281serve time	2673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2281serve time	2673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2281serve time	2673 ns
critical read: issue time	2581serve time	2673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2581serve time	2673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2581serve time	2673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2581serve time	2673 ns
transactional read: issue time	1657serve time	2681 ns
transactional read: issue time	1657serve time	2681 ns
transactional read: issue time	1657serve time	2681 ns
critical read: issue time	1657serve time	2681 ns
critical read: issue time	2575serve time	2681 ns
transactional read: issue time	2575serve time	2681 ns
transactional read: issue time	2575serve time	2681 ns
transactional read: issue time	2575serve time	2681 ns
transactional read: issue time	2291serve time	2689 ns
critical read: issue time	2291serve time	2689 ns
transactional read: issue time	2291serve time	2689 ns
transactional read: issue time	2291serve time	2689 ns
transactional read: issue time	2593serve time	2689 ns
critical read: issue time	2593serve time	2689 ns
transactional read: issue time	2593serve time	2689 ns
transactional read: issue time	2593serve time	2689 ns
critical read: issue time	1699serve time	2697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1699serve time	2697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1699serve time	2697 ns
transactional read: issue time	1699serve time	2697 ns
critical read: issue time	2595serve time	2697 ns
transactional read: issue time	2595serve time	2697 ns
transactional read: issue time	2595serve time	2697 ns
transactional read: issue time	2595serve time	2697 ns
critical read: issue time	2311serve time	2705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2311serve time	2705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2311serve time	2705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2311serve time	2705 ns
critical read: issue time	2579serve time	2705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2579serve time	2705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2579serve time	2705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2579serve time	2705 ns
critical read: issue time	2303serve time	2713 ns
transactional read: issue time	2303serve time	2713 ns
transactional read: issue time	2303serve time	2713 ns
transactional read: issue time	2303serve time	2713 ns
critical read: issue time	1885serve time	2713 ns
transactional read: issue time	1885serve time	2713 ns
transactional read: issue time	1885serve time	2713 ns
transactional read: issue time	1885serve time	2713 ns
transactional read: issue time	2331serve time	2721 ns
critical read: issue time	2331serve time	2721 ns
transactional read: issue time	2331serve time	2721 ns
transactional read: issue time	2331serve time	2721 ns
critical read: issue time	2613serve time	2721 ns
transactional read: issue time	2613serve time	2721 ns
transactional read: issue time	2613serve time	2721 ns
transactional read: issue time	2613serve time	2721 ns
critical read: issue time	2323serve time	2729 ns
transactional read: issue time	2323serve time	2729 ns
transactional read: issue time	2323serve time	2729 ns
transactional read: issue time	2323serve time	2729 ns
critical read: issue time	2619serve time	2729 ns
transactional read: issue time	2619serve time	2729 ns
transactional read: issue time	2619serve time	2729 ns
transactional read: issue time	2619serve time	2729 ns
critical read: issue time	2303serve time	2737 ns
transactional read: issue time	2303serve time	2737 ns
transactional read: issue time	2303serve time	2737 ns
transactional read: issue time	2303serve time	2737 ns
critical read: issue time	2625serve time	2737 ns
transactional read: issue time	2625serve time	2737 ns
transactional read: issue time	2625serve time	2737 ns
transactional read: issue time	2625serve time	2737 ns
critical read: issue time	2353serve time	2745 ns
transactional read: issue time	2353serve time	2745 ns
transactional read: issue time	2353serve time	2745 ns
transactional read: issue time	2353serve time	2745 ns
critical read: issue time	1929serve time	2745 ns
transactional read: issue time	1929serve time	2745 ns
transactional read: issue time	1929serve time	2745 ns
transactional read: issue time	1929serve time	2745 ns
critical read: issue time	2325serve time	2753 ns
transactional read: issue time	2325serve time	2753 ns
transactional read: issue time	2325serve time	2753 ns
transactional read: issue time	2325serve time	2753 ns
critical read: issue time	1949serve time	2753 ns
transactional read: issue time	1949serve time	2753 ns
transactional read: issue time	1949serve time	2753 ns
transactional read: issue time	1949serve time	2753 ns
critical read: issue time	2371serve time	2761 ns
transactional read: issue time	2371serve time	2761 ns
transactional read: issue time	2371serve time	2761 ns
transactional read: issue time	2371serve time	2761 ns
critical read: issue time	1969serve time	2761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1969serve time	2761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1969serve time	2761 ns
transactional read: issue time	1969serve time	2761 ns
critical read: issue time	2373serve time	2769 ns
transactional read: issue time	2373serve time	2769 ns
transactional read: issue time	2373serve time	2769 ns
transactional read: issue time	2373serve time	2769 ns
critical read: issue time	2645serve time	2769 ns
transactional read: issue time	2645serve time	2769 ns
transactional read: issue time	2645serve time	2769 ns
transactional read: issue time	2645serve time	2769 ns
critical read: issue time	2365serve time	2777 ns
transactional read: issue time	2365serve time	2777 ns
transactional read: issue time	2365serve time	2777 ns
transactional read: issue time	2365serve time	2777 ns
transactional read: issue time	2009serve time	2777 ns
transactional read: issue time	2009serve time	2777 ns
transactional read: issue time	2009serve time	2777 ns
critical read: issue time	2009serve time	2777 ns
critical read: issue time	2389serve time	2785 ns
transactional read: issue time	2389serve time	2785 ns
transactional read: issue time	2389serve time	2785 ns
transactional read: issue time	2389serve time	2785 ns
transactional read: issue time	2073serve time	2785 ns
transactional read: issue time	2073serve time	2785 ns
critical read: issue time	2073serve time	2785 ns
transactional read: issue time	2073serve time	2785 ns
transactional read: issue time	2405serve time	2793 ns
transactional read: issue time	2405serve time	2793 ns
critical read: issue time	2405serve time	2793 ns
transactional read: issue time	2405serve time	2793 ns
critical read: issue time	2093serve time	2793 ns
transactional read: issue time	2093serve time	2793 ns
transactional read: issue time	2093serve time	2793 ns
transactional read: issue time	2093serve time	2793 ns
critical read: issue time	2409serve time	2801 ns
transactional read: issue time	2409serve time	2801 ns
transactional read: issue time	2409serve time	2801 ns
transactional read: issue time	2409serve time	2801 ns
transactional read: issue time	2113serve time	2801 ns
transactional read: issue time	2113serve time	2801 ns
critical read: issue time	2113serve time	2801 ns
transactional read: issue time	2113serve time	2801 ns
transactional read: issue time	2429serve time	2809 ns
critical read: issue time	2429serve time	2809 ns
transactional read: issue time	2429serve time	2809 ns
transactional read: issue time	2429serve time	2809 ns
transactional read: issue time	2673serve time	2809 ns
transactional read: issue time	2673serve time	2809 ns
transactional read: issue time	2673serve time	2809 ns
critical read: issue time	2673serve time	2809 ns
transactional read: issue time	2445serve time	2817 ns
transactional read: issue time	2445serve time	2817 ns
transactional read: issue time	2445serve time	2817 ns
critical read: issue time	2445serve time	2817 ns
critical read: issue time	2696serve time	2817 ns
transactional read: issue time	2696serve time	2817 ns
transactional read: issue time	2696serve time	2817 ns
transactional read: issue time	2696serve time	2817 ns
critical read: issue time	2449serve time	2825 ns
transactional read: issue time	2449serve time	2825 ns
transactional read: issue time	2449serve time	2825 ns
transactional read: issue time	2449serve time	2825 ns
critical read: issue time	2699serve time	2825 ns
transactional read: issue time	2699serve time	2825 ns
transactional read: issue time	2699serve time	2825 ns
transactional read: issue time	2699serve time	2825 ns
critical read: issue time	2451serve time	2833 ns
transactional read: issue time	2451serve time	2833 ns
transactional read: issue time	2451serve time	2833 ns
transactional read: issue time	2451serve time	2833 ns
critical read: issue time	2717serve time	2833 ns
transactional read: issue time	2717serve time	2833 ns
transactional read: issue time	2717serve time	2833 ns
transactional read: issue time	2717serve time	2833 ns
critical read: issue time	2469serve time	2841 ns
transactional read: issue time	2469serve time	2841 ns
transactional read: issue time	2469serve time	2841 ns
transactional read: issue time	2469serve time	2841 ns
critical read: issue time	2737serve time	2841 ns
transactional read: issue time	2737serve time	2841 ns
transactional read: issue time	2737serve time	2841 ns
transactional read: issue time	2737serve time	2841 ns
critical read: issue time	2485serve time	2849 ns
transactional read: issue time	2485serve time	2849 ns
transactional read: issue time	2485serve time	2849 ns
transactional read: issue time	2485serve time	2849 ns
critical read: issue time	2739serve time	2849 ns
transactional read: issue time	2739serve time	2849 ns
transactional read: issue time	2739serve time	2849 ns
transactional read: issue time	2739serve time	2849 ns
critical read: issue time	2489serve time	2857 ns
transactional read: issue time	2489serve time	2857 ns
transactional read: issue time	2489serve time	2857 ns
transactional read: issue time	2489serve time	2857 ns
critical read: issue time	2153serve time	2857 ns
transactional read: issue time	2153serve time	2857 ns
transactional read: issue time	2153serve time	2857 ns
transactional read: issue time	2153serve time	2857 ns
transactional read: issue time	2491serve time	2865 ns
transactional read: issue time	2491serve time	2865 ns
transactional read: issue time	2491serve time	2865 ns
critical read: issue time	2491serve time	2865 ns
critical read: issue time	2755serve time	2865 ns
transactional read: issue time	2755serve time	2865 ns
transactional read: issue time	2755serve time	2865 ns
transactional read: issue time	2755serve time	2865 ns
critical read: issue time	2489serve time	2873 ns
transactional read: issue time	2489serve time	2873 ns
transactional read: issue time	2489serve time	2873 ns
transactional read: issue time	2489serve time	2873 ns
critical read: issue time	2759serve time	2873 ns
transactional read: issue time	2759serve time	2873 ns
transactional read: issue time	2759serve time	2873 ns
transactional read: issue time	2759serve time	2873 ns
critical read: issue time	1761serve time	2881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1761serve time	2881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1761serve time	2881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1761serve time	2881 ns
critical read: issue time	2767serve time	2881 ns
transactional read: issue time	2767serve time	2881 ns
transactional read: issue time	2767serve time	2881 ns
transactional read: issue time	2767serve time	2881 ns
critical read: issue time	2505serve time	2889 ns
transactional read: issue time	2505serve time	2889 ns
transactional read: issue time	2505serve time	2889 ns
transactional read: issue time	2505serve time	2889 ns
critical read: issue time	2775serve time	2889 ns
transactional read: issue time	2775serve time	2889 ns
transactional read: issue time	2775serve time	2889 ns
transactional read: issue time	2775serve time	2889 ns
critical read: issue time	1781serve time	2897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1781serve time	2897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1781serve time	2897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1781serve time	2897 ns
critical read: issue time	2759serve time	2897 ns
transactional read: issue time	2759serve time	2897 ns
transactional read: issue time	2759serve time	2897 ns
transactional read: issue time	2759serve time	2897 ns
critical read: issue time	2511serve time	2905 ns
transactional read: issue time	2511serve time	2905 ns
transactional read: issue time	2511serve time	2905 ns
transactional read: issue time	2511serve time	2905 ns
critical read: issue time	2779serve time	2905 ns
transactional read: issue time	2779serve time	2905 ns
transactional read: issue time	2779serve time	2905 ns
transactional read: issue time	2779serve time	2905 ns
critical read: issue time	1801serve time	2913 ns
transactional read: issue time	1801serve time	2913 ns
transactional read: issue time	1801serve time	2913 ns
transactional read: issue time	1801serve time	2913 ns
critical read: issue time	2173serve time	2913 ns
transactional read: issue time	2173serve time	2913 ns
transactional read: issue time	2173serve time	2913 ns
transactional read: issue time	2173serve time	2913 ns
critical read: issue time	2535serve time	2921 ns
transactional read: issue time	2535serve time	2921 ns
transactional read: issue time	2535serve time	2921 ns
transactional read: issue time	2535serve time	2921 ns
transactional read: issue time	2801serve time	2921 ns
transactional read: issue time	2801serve time	2921 ns
transactional read: issue time	2801serve time	2921 ns
critical read: issue time	2801serve time	2921 ns
critical read: issue time	2529serve time	2929 ns
transactional read: issue time	2529serve time	2929 ns
transactional read: issue time	2529serve time	2929 ns
transactional read: issue time	2529serve time	2929 ns
critical read: issue time	2805serve time	2929 ns
transactional read: issue time	2805serve time	2929 ns
transactional read: issue time	2805serve time	2929 ns
transactional read: issue time	2805serve time	2929 ns
critical read: issue time	1843serve time	2937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1843serve time	2937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1843serve time	2937 ns
transactional read: issue time	1843serve time	2937 ns
critical read: issue time	2821serve time	2937 ns
transactional read: issue time	2821serve time	2937 ns
transactional read: issue time	2821serve time	2937 ns
transactional read: issue time	2821serve time	2937 ns
critical read: issue time	2555serve time	2945 ns
transactional read: issue time	2555serve time	2945 ns
transactional read: issue time	2555serve time	2945 ns
transactional read: issue time	2555serve time	2945 ns
critical read: issue time	2825serve time	2945 ns
transactional read: issue time	2825serve time	2945 ns
transactional read: issue time	2825serve time	2945 ns
transactional read: issue time	2825serve time	2945 ns
critical read: issue time	2602serve time	2953 ns
transactional read: issue time	2602serve time	2953 ns
transactional read: issue time	2602serve time	2953 ns
transactional read: issue time	2602serve time	2953 ns
transactional read: issue time	2828serve time	2953 ns
transactional read: issue time	2828serve time	2953 ns
transactional read: issue time	2828serve time	2953 ns
transactional read: issue time	2828serve time	2953 ns
critical read: issue time	2599serve time	2961 ns
transactional read: issue time	2599serve time	2961 ns
transactional read: issue time	2599serve time	2961 ns
transactional read: issue time	2599serve time	2961 ns
critical read: issue time	2263serve time	2961 ns
transactional read: issue time	2263serve time	2961 ns
transactional read: issue time	2263serve time	2961 ns
transactional read: issue time	2263serve time	2961 ns
critical read: issue time	2625serve time	2969 ns
transactional read: issue time	2625serve time	2969 ns
transactional read: issue time	2625serve time	2969 ns
transactional read: issue time	2625serve time	2969 ns
critical read: issue time	2285serve time	2969 ns
transactional read: issue time	2285serve time	2969 ns
transactional read: issue time	2285serve time	2969 ns
transactional read: issue time	2285serve time	2969 ns
critical read: issue time	2633serve time	2977 ns
transactional read: issue time	2633serve time	2977 ns
transactional read: issue time	2633serve time	2977 ns
transactional read: issue time	2633serve time	2977 ns
critical read: issue time	2841serve time	2977 ns
transactional read: issue time	2841serve time	2977 ns
transactional read: issue time	2841serve time	2977 ns
transactional read: issue time	2841serve time	2977 ns
transactional read: issue time	1905serve time	2985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1905serve time	2985 ns
transactional read: issue time	1905serve time	2985 ns
critical read: issue time	1905serve time	2985 ns
critical read: issue time	2337serve time	2985 ns
transactional read: issue time	2337serve time	2985 ns
transactional read: issue time	2337serve time	2985 ns
transactional read: issue time	2337serve time	2985 ns
critical read: issue time	2639serve time	2993 ns
transactional read: issue time	2639serve time	2993 ns
transactional read: issue time	2639serve time	2993 ns
transactional read: issue time	2639serve time	2993 ns
critical read: issue time	2399serve time	2993 ns
transactional read: issue time	2399serve time	2993 ns
transactional read: issue time	2399serve time	2993 ns
transactional read: issue time	2399serve time	2993 ns
critical read: issue time	2645serve time	3001 ns
transactional read: issue time	2645serve time	3001 ns
transactional read: issue time	2645serve time	3001 ns
transactional read: issue time	2645serve time	3001 ns
critical read: issue time	2883serve time	3001 ns
transactional read: issue time	2883serve time	3001 ns
transactional read: issue time	2883serve time	3001 ns
transactional read: issue time	2883serve time	3001 ns
critical read: issue time	1989serve time	3009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1989serve time	3009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1989serve time	3009 ns
transactional read: issue time	1989serve time	3009 ns
critical read: issue time	2451serve time	3009 ns
transactional read: issue time	2451serve time	3009 ns
transactional read: issue time	2451serve time	3009 ns
transactional read: issue time	2451serve time	3009 ns
critical read: issue time	2653serve time	3017 ns
transactional read: issue time	2653serve time	3017 ns
transactional read: issue time	2653serve time	3017 ns
transactional read: issue time	2653serve time	3017 ns
critical read: issue time	2903serve time	3017 ns
transactional read: issue time	2903serve time	3017 ns
transactional read: issue time	2903serve time	3017 ns
transactional read: issue time	2903serve time	3017 ns
critical read: issue time	2031serve time	3025 ns
transactional read: issue time	2031serve time	3025 ns
transactional read: issue time	2031serve time	3025 ns
transactional read: issue time	2031serve time	3025 ns
critical read: issue time	2923serve time	3025 ns
transactional read: issue time	2923serve time	3025 ns
transactional read: issue time	2923serve time	3025 ns
transactional read: issue time	2923serve time	3025 ns
critical read: issue time	2053serve time	3033 ns
transactional read: issue time	2053serve time	3033 ns
transactional read: issue time	2053serve time	3033 ns
transactional read: issue time	2053serve time	3033 ns
critical read: issue time	2935serve time	3033 ns
transactional read: issue time	2935serve time	3033 ns
transactional read: issue time	2935serve time	3033 ns
transactional read: issue time	2935serve time	3033 ns
critical read: issue time	2659serve time	3041 ns
transactional read: issue time	2659serve time	3041 ns
transactional read: issue time	2659serve time	3041 ns
transactional read: issue time	2659serve time	3041 ns
critical read: issue time	2927serve time	3041 ns
transactional read: issue time	2927serve time	3041 ns
transactional read: issue time	2927serve time	3041 ns
transactional read: issue time	2927serve time	3041 ns
critical read: issue time	2665serve time	3049 ns
transactional read: issue time	2665serve time	3049 ns
transactional read: issue time	2665serve time	3049 ns
transactional read: issue time	2665serve time	3049 ns
critical read: issue time	2943serve time	3049 ns
transactional read: issue time	2943serve time	3049 ns
transactional read: issue time	2943serve time	3049 ns
transactional read: issue time	2943serve time	3049 ns
critical read: issue time	2675serve time	3057 ns
transactional read: issue time	2675serve time	3057 ns
transactional read: issue time	2675serve time	3057 ns
transactional read: issue time	2675serve time	3057 ns
critical read: issue time	2953serve time	3057 ns
transactional read: issue time	2953serve time	3057 ns
transactional read: issue time	2953serve time	3057 ns
transactional read: issue time	2953serve time	3057 ns
critical read: issue time	2685serve time	3065 ns
transactional read: issue time	2685serve time	3065 ns
transactional read: issue time	2685serve time	3065 ns
transactional read: issue time	2685serve time	3065 ns
critical read: issue time	2963serve time	3065 ns
transactional read: issue time	2963serve time	3065 ns
transactional read: issue time	2963serve time	3065 ns
transactional read: issue time	2963serve time	3065 ns
critical read: issue time	2679serve time	3073 ns
transactional read: issue time	2679serve time	3073 ns
transactional read: issue time	2679serve time	3073 ns
transactional read: issue time	2679serve time	3073 ns
critical read: issue time	2955serve time	3073 ns
transactional read: issue time	2955serve time	3073 ns
transactional read: issue time	2955serve time	3073 ns
transactional read: issue time	2955serve time	3073 ns
transactional read: issue time	2133serve time	3081 ns
transactional read: issue time	2133serve time	3081 ns
transactional read: issue time	2133serve time	3081 ns
critical read: issue time	2133serve time	3081 ns
critical read: issue time	2952serve time	3081 ns
transactional read: issue time	2952serve time	3081 ns
transactional read: issue time	2952serve time	3081 ns
transactional read: issue time	2952serve time	3081 ns
transactional read: issue time	2697serve time	3089 ns
transactional read: issue time	2697serve time	3089 ns
critical read: issue time	2697serve time	3089 ns
transactional read: issue time	2697serve time	3089 ns
critical read: issue time	2983serve time	3089 ns
transactional read: issue time	2983serve time	3089 ns
transactional read: issue time	2983serve time	3089 ns
transactional read: issue time	2983serve time	3089 ns
critical read: issue time	2717serve time	3097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2717serve time	3097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2717serve time	3097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2717serve time	3097 ns
critical read: issue time	2985serve time	3097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2985serve time	3097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2985serve time	3097 ns
transactional read: issue time	2985serve time	3097 ns
critical read: issue time	2715serve time	3105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2715serve time	3105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2715serve time	3105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2715serve time	3105 ns
critical read: issue time	2973serve time	3105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2973serve time	3105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2973serve time	3105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2973serve time	3105 ns
transactional read: issue time	2737serve time	3113 ns
critical read: issue time	2737serve time	3113 ns
transactional read: issue time	2737serve time	3113 ns
transactional read: issue time	2737serve time	3113 ns
transactional read: issue time	3004serve time	3113 ns
critical read: issue time	3004serve time	3113 ns
transactional read: issue time	3004serve time	3113 ns
transactional read: issue time	3004serve time	3113 ns
critical read: issue time	2735serve time	3121 ns
transactional read: issue time	2735serve time	3121 ns
transactional read: issue time	2735serve time	3121 ns
transactional read: issue time	2735serve time	3121 ns
critical read: issue time	3005serve time	3121 ns
transactional read: issue time	3005serve time	3121 ns
transactional read: issue time	3005serve time	3121 ns
transactional read: issue time	3005serve time	3121 ns
critical read: issue time	2719serve time	3129 ns
transactional read: issue time	2719serve time	3129 ns
transactional read: issue time	2719serve time	3129 ns
transactional read: issue time	2719serve time	3129 ns
critical read: issue time	2993serve time	3129 ns
transactional read: issue time	2993serve time	3129 ns
transactional read: issue time	2993serve time	3129 ns
transactional read: issue time	2993serve time	3129 ns
critical read: issue time	2781serve time	3137 ns
transactional read: issue time	2781serve time	3137 ns
transactional read: issue time	2781serve time	3137 ns
transactional read: issue time	2781serve time	3137 ns
critical read: issue time	3025serve time	3137 ns
transactional read: issue time	3025serve time	3137 ns
transactional read: issue time	3025serve time	3137 ns
transactional read: issue time	3025serve time	3137 ns
critical read: issue time	2788serve time	3145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2788serve time	3145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2788serve time	3145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2788serve time	3145 ns
critical read: issue time	2471serve time	3145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2471serve time	3145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2471serve time	3145 ns
transactional read: issue time	2471serve time	3145 ns
critical read: issue time	2193serve time	3153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2193serve time	3153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2193serve time	3153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2193serve time	3153 ns
critical read: issue time	2521serve time	3153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2521serve time	3153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2521serve time	3153 ns
transactional read: issue time	2521serve time	3153 ns
critical read: issue time	2213serve time	3161 ns
transactional read: issue time	2213serve time	3161 ns
transactional read: issue time	2213serve time	3161 ns
transactional read: issue time	2213serve time	3161 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3161 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3161 ns
critical read: issue time	3045serve time	3161 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3161 ns
critical read: issue time	2809serve time	3169 ns
transactional read: issue time	2809serve time	3169 ns
transactional read: issue time	2809serve time	3169 ns
transactional read: issue time	2809serve time	3169 ns
critical read: issue time	2587serve time	3169 ns
transactional read: issue time	2587serve time	3169 ns
transactional read: issue time	2587serve time	3169 ns
transactional read: issue time	2587serve time	3169 ns
critical read: issue time	2804serve time	3177 ns
transactional read: issue time	2804serve time	3177 ns
transactional read: issue time	2804serve time	3177 ns
transactional read: issue time	2804serve time	3177 ns
critical read: issue time	2639serve time	3177 ns
transactional read: issue time	2639serve time	3177 ns
transactional read: issue time	2639serve time	3177 ns
transactional read: issue time	2639serve time	3177 ns
critical read: issue time	2828serve time	3185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2828serve time	3185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2828serve time	3185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2828serve time	3185 ns
critical read: issue time	2659serve time	3185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2659serve time	3185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2659serve time	3185 ns
transactional read: issue time	2659serve time	3185 ns
critical read: issue time	2243serve time	3193 ns
transactional read: issue time	2243serve time	3193 ns
transactional read: issue time	2243serve time	3193 ns
transactional read: issue time	2243serve time	3193 ns
critical read: issue time	3066serve time	3193 ns
transactional read: issue time	3066serve time	3193 ns
transactional read: issue time	3066serve time	3193 ns
transactional read: issue time	3066serve time	3193 ns
critical read: issue time	2831serve time	3201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2831serve time	3201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2831serve time	3201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2831serve time	3201 ns
critical read: issue time	2709serve time	3201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2709serve time	3201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2709serve time	3201 ns
transactional read: issue time	2709serve time	3201 ns
critical read: issue time	2307serve time	3209 ns
transactional read: issue time	2307serve time	3209 ns
transactional read: issue time	2307serve time	3209 ns
transactional read: issue time	2307serve time	3209 ns
critical read: issue time	3087serve time	3209 ns
transactional read: issue time	3087serve time	3209 ns
transactional read: issue time	3087serve time	3209 ns
transactional read: issue time	3087serve time	3209 ns
critical read: issue time	2839serve time	3217 ns
transactional read: issue time	2839serve time	3217 ns
transactional read: issue time	2839serve time	3217 ns
transactional read: issue time	2839serve time	3217 ns
critical read: issue time	3107serve time	3217 ns
transactional read: issue time	3107serve time	3217 ns
transactional read: issue time	3107serve time	3217 ns
transactional read: issue time	3107serve time	3217 ns
critical read: issue time	2845serve time	3225 ns
transactional read: issue time	2845serve time	3225 ns
transactional read: issue time	2845serve time	3225 ns
transactional read: issue time	2845serve time	3225 ns
critical read: issue time	3114serve time	3225 ns
transactional read: issue time	3114serve time	3225 ns
transactional read: issue time	3114serve time	3225 ns
transactional read: issue time	3114serve time	3225 ns
critical read: issue time	2359serve time	3233 ns
transactional read: issue time	2359serve time	3233 ns
transactional read: issue time	2359serve time	3233 ns
transactional read: issue time	2359serve time	3233 ns
critical read: issue time	3135serve time	3233 ns
transactional read: issue time	3135serve time	3233 ns
transactional read: issue time	3135serve time	3233 ns
transactional read: issue time	3135serve time	3233 ns
critical read: issue time	2379serve time	3241 ns
transactional read: issue time	2379serve time	3241 ns
transactional read: issue time	2379serve time	3241 ns
transactional read: issue time	2379serve time	3241 ns
critical read: issue time	3137serve time	3241 ns
transactional read: issue time	3137serve time	3241 ns
transactional read: issue time	3137serve time	3241 ns
transactional read: issue time	3137serve time	3241 ns
critical read: issue time	2861serve time	3249 ns
transactional read: issue time	2861serve time	3249 ns
transactional read: issue time	2861serve time	3249 ns
transactional read: issue time	2861serve time	3249 ns
transactional read: issue time	3147serve time	3249 ns
transactional read: issue time	3147serve time	3249 ns
transactional read: issue time	3147serve time	3249 ns
critical read: issue time	3147serve time	3249 ns
critical read: issue time	2861serve time	3257 ns
transactional read: issue time	2861serve time	3257 ns
transactional read: issue time	2861serve time	3257 ns
transactional read: issue time	2861serve time	3257 ns
critical read: issue time	3149serve time	3257 ns
transactional read: issue time	3149serve time	3257 ns
transactional read: issue time	3149serve time	3257 ns
transactional read: issue time	3149serve time	3257 ns
critical read: issue time	2865serve time	3265 ns
transactional read: issue time	2865serve time	3265 ns
transactional read: issue time	2865serve time	3265 ns
transactional read: issue time	2865serve time	3265 ns
critical read: issue time	3155serve time	3265 ns
transactional read: issue time	3155serve time	3265 ns
transactional read: issue time	3155serve time	3265 ns
transactional read: issue time	3155serve time	3265 ns
critical read: issue time	2864serve time	3273 ns
transactional read: issue time	2864serve time	3273 ns
transactional read: issue time	2864serve time	3273 ns
transactional read: issue time	2864serve time	3273 ns
critical read: issue time	3167serve time	3273 ns
transactional read: issue time	3167serve time	3273 ns
transactional read: issue time	3167serve time	3273 ns
transactional read: issue time	3167serve time	3273 ns
critical read: issue time	2429serve time	3281 ns
transactional read: issue time	2429serve time	3281 ns
transactional read: issue time	2429serve time	3281 ns
transactional read: issue time	2429serve time	3281 ns
critical read: issue time	3171serve time	3281 ns
transactional read: issue time	3171serve time	3281 ns
transactional read: issue time	3171serve time	3281 ns
transactional read: issue time	3171serve time	3281 ns
transactional read: issue time	2883serve time	3289 ns
transactional read: issue time	2883serve time	3289 ns
transactional read: issue time	2883serve time	3289 ns
critical read: issue time	2883serve time	3289 ns
critical read: issue time	3175serve time	3289 ns
transactional read: issue time	3175serve time	3289 ns
transactional read: issue time	3175serve time	3289 ns
transactional read: issue time	3175serve time	3289 ns
critical read: issue time	2895serve time	3297 ns
transactional read: issue time	2895serve time	3297 ns
transactional read: issue time	2895serve time	3297 ns
transactional read: issue time	2895serve time	3297 ns
critical read: issue time	3196serve time	3297 ns
transactional read: issue time	3196serve time	3297 ns
transactional read: issue time	3196serve time	3297 ns
transactional read: issue time	3196serve time	3297 ns
critical read: issue time	2885serve time	3305 ns
transactional read: issue time	2885serve time	3305 ns
transactional read: issue time	2885serve time	3305 ns
transactional read: issue time	2885serve time	3305 ns
critical read: issue time	3222serve time	3305 ns
transactional read: issue time	3222serve time	3305 ns
transactional read: issue time	3222serve time	3305 ns
transactional read: issue time	3222serve time	3305 ns
transactional read: issue time	2903serve time	3313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2903serve time	3313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2903serve time	3313 ns
critical read: issue time	2903serve time	3313 ns
critical read: issue time	2773serve time	3313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2773serve time	3313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2773serve time	3313 ns
transactional read: issue time	2773serve time	3313 ns
critical read: issue time	2907serve time	3321 ns
transactional read: issue time	2907serve time	3321 ns
transactional read: issue time	2907serve time	3321 ns
transactional read: issue time	2907serve time	3321 ns
critical read: issue time	3227serve time	3321 ns
transactional read: issue time	3227serve time	3321 ns
transactional read: issue time	3227serve time	3321 ns
transactional read: issue time	3227serve time	3321 ns
critical read: issue time	2915serve time	3329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2915serve time	3329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2915serve time	3329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2915serve time	3329 ns
critical read: issue time	2825serve time	3329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2825serve time	3329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2825serve time	3329 ns
transactional read: issue time	2825serve time	3329 ns
critical read: issue time	2923serve time	3337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2923serve time	3337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2923serve time	3337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2923serve time	3337 ns
critical read: issue time	2847serve time	3337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2847serve time	3337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2847serve time	3337 ns
transactional read: issue time	2847serve time	3337 ns
critical read: issue time	2975serve time	3345 ns
transactional read: issue time	2975serve time	3345 ns
transactional read: issue time	2975serve time	3345 ns
transactional read: issue time	2975serve time	3345 ns
critical read: issue time	3247serve time	3345 ns
transactional read: issue time	3247serve time	3345 ns
transactional read: issue time	3247serve time	3345 ns
transactional read: issue time	3247serve time	3345 ns
critical read: issue time	2995serve time	3353 ns
transactional read: issue time	2995serve time	3353 ns
transactional read: issue time	2995serve time	3353 ns
transactional read: issue time	2995serve time	3353 ns
critical read: issue time	3251serve time	3353 ns
transactional read: issue time	3251serve time	3353 ns
transactional read: issue time	3251serve time	3353 ns
transactional read: issue time	3251serve time	3353 ns
critical read: issue time	3015serve time	3361 ns
transactional read: issue time	3015serve time	3361 ns
transactional read: issue time	3015serve time	3361 ns
transactional read: issue time	3015serve time	3361 ns
critical read: issue time	2897serve time	3361 ns
transactional read: issue time	2897serve time	3361 ns
transactional read: issue time	2897serve time	3361 ns
transactional read: issue time	2897serve time	3361 ns
critical read: issue time	3025serve time	3369 ns
transactional read: issue time	3025serve time	3369 ns
transactional read: issue time	3025serve time	3369 ns
transactional read: issue time	3025serve time	3369 ns
critical read: issue time	3271serve time	3369 ns
transactional read: issue time	3271serve time	3369 ns
transactional read: issue time	3271serve time	3369 ns
transactional read: issue time	3271serve time	3369 ns
critical read: issue time	3013serve time	3377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3013serve time	3377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3013serve time	3377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3013serve time	3377 ns
critical read: issue time	3291serve time	3377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3377 ns
critical read: issue time	3038serve time	3385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3038serve time	3385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3038serve time	3385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3038serve time	3385 ns
critical read: issue time	3291serve time	3385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3385 ns
critical read: issue time	2491serve time	3393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2491serve time	3393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2491serve time	3393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2491serve time	3393 ns
critical read: issue time	2961serve time	3393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2961serve time	3393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2961serve time	3393 ns
transactional read: issue time	2961serve time	3393 ns
critical read: issue time	2546serve time	3401 ns
transactional read: issue time	2546serve time	3401 ns
transactional read: issue time	2546serve time	3401 ns
transactional read: issue time	2546serve time	3401 ns
critical read: issue time	3308serve time	3401 ns
transactional read: issue time	3308serve time	3401 ns
transactional read: issue time	3308serve time	3401 ns
transactional read: issue time	3308serve time	3401 ns
critical read: issue time	3045serve time	3409 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3409 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3409 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3409 ns
critical read: issue time	3316serve time	3409 ns
transactional read: issue time	3316serve time	3409 ns
transactional read: issue time	3316serve time	3409 ns
transactional read: issue time	3316serve time	3409 ns
critical read: issue time	3045serve time	3417 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3417 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3417 ns
transactional read: issue time	3045serve time	3417 ns
critical read: issue time	3321serve time	3417 ns
transactional read: issue time	3321serve time	3417 ns
transactional read: issue time	3321serve time	3417 ns
transactional read: issue time	3321serve time	3417 ns
critical read: issue time	2567serve time	3425 ns
transactional read: issue time	2567serve time	3425 ns
transactional read: issue time	2567serve time	3425 ns
transactional read: issue time	2567serve time	3425 ns
critical read: issue time	3013serve time	3425 ns
transactional read: issue time	3013serve time	3425 ns
transactional read: issue time	3013serve time	3425 ns
transactional read: issue time	3013serve time	3425 ns
critical read: issue time	2617serve time	3433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2617serve time	3433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2617serve time	3433 ns
transactional read: issue time	2617serve time	3433 ns
critical read: issue time	3335serve time	3433 ns
transactional read: issue time	3335serve time	3433 ns
transactional read: issue time	3335serve time	3433 ns
transactional read: issue time	3335serve time	3433 ns
critical read: issue time	3059serve time	3441 ns
transactional read: issue time	3059serve time	3441 ns
transactional read: issue time	3059serve time	3441 ns
transactional read: issue time	3059serve time	3441 ns
critical read: issue time	3355serve time	3441 ns
transactional read: issue time	3355serve time	3441 ns
transactional read: issue time	3355serve time	3441 ns
transactional read: issue time	3355serve time	3441 ns
critical read: issue time	2679serve time	3449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2679serve time	3449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2679serve time	3449 ns
transactional read: issue time	2679serve time	3449 ns
critical read: issue time	3337serve time	3449 ns
transactional read: issue time	3337serve time	3449 ns
transactional read: issue time	3337serve time	3449 ns
transactional read: issue time	3337serve time	3449 ns
critical read: issue time	3065serve time	3457 ns
transactional read: issue time	3065serve time	3457 ns
transactional read: issue time	3065serve time	3457 ns
transactional read: issue time	3065serve time	3457 ns
critical read: issue time	3369serve time	3457 ns
transactional read: issue time	3369serve time	3457 ns
transactional read: issue time	3369serve time	3457 ns
transactional read: issue time	3369serve time	3457 ns
transactional read: issue time	3067serve time	3465 ns
critical read: issue time	3067serve time	3465 ns
transactional read: issue time	3067serve time	3465 ns
transactional read: issue time	3067serve time	3465 ns
critical read: issue time	3380serve time	3465 ns
transactional read: issue time	3380serve time	3465 ns
transactional read: issue time	3380serve time	3465 ns
transactional read: issue time	3380serve time	3465 ns
critical read: issue time	3085serve time	3473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3085serve time	3473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3085serve time	3473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3085serve time	3473 ns
critical read: issue time	3357serve time	3473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3357serve time	3473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3357serve time	3473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3357serve time	3473 ns
critical read: issue time	3089serve time	3481 ns
transactional read: issue time	3089serve time	3481 ns
transactional read: issue time	3089serve time	3481 ns
transactional read: issue time	3089serve time	3481 ns
critical read: issue time	3033serve time	3481 ns
transactional read: issue time	3033serve time	3481 ns
transactional read: issue time	3033serve time	3481 ns
transactional read: issue time	3033serve time	3481 ns
critical read: issue time	3079serve time	3489 ns
transactional read: issue time	3079serve time	3489 ns
transactional read: issue time	3079serve time	3489 ns
transactional read: issue time	3079serve time	3489 ns
critical read: issue time	3083serve time	3489 ns
transactional read: issue time	3083serve time	3489 ns
transactional read: issue time	3083serve time	3489 ns
transactional read: issue time	3083serve time	3489 ns
critical read: issue time	2733serve time	3497 ns
transactional read: issue time	2733serve time	3497 ns
transactional read: issue time	2733serve time	3497 ns
transactional read: issue time	2733serve time	3497 ns
critical read: issue time	3420serve time	3497 ns
transactional read: issue time	3420serve time	3497 ns
transactional read: issue time	3420serve time	3497 ns
transactional read: issue time	3420serve time	3497 ns
critical read: issue time	3105serve time	3505 ns
transactional read: issue time	3105serve time	3505 ns
transactional read: issue time	3105serve time	3505 ns
transactional read: issue time	3105serve time	3505 ns
critical read: issue time	3109serve time	3513 ns
transactional read: issue time	3109serve time	3513 ns
transactional read: issue time	3109serve time	3513 ns
transactional read: issue time	3109serve time	3513 ns
critical read: issue time	3145serve time	3513 ns
transactional read: issue time	3145serve time	3513 ns
transactional read: issue time	3145serve time	3513 ns
transactional read: issue time	3145serve time	3513 ns
critical read: issue time	3127serve time	3521 ns
transactional read: issue time	3127serve time	3521 ns
transactional read: issue time	3127serve time	3521 ns
transactional read: issue time	3127serve time	3521 ns
critical read: issue time	3435serve time	3521 ns
transactional read: issue time	3435serve time	3521 ns
transactional read: issue time	3435serve time	3521 ns
transactional read: issue time	3435serve time	3521 ns
critical read: issue time	3129serve time	3529 ns
transactional read: issue time	3129serve time	3529 ns
transactional read: issue time	3129serve time	3529 ns
transactional read: issue time	3129serve time	3529 ns
critical read: issue time	3197serve time	3529 ns
transactional read: issue time	3197serve time	3529 ns
transactional read: issue time	3197serve time	3529 ns
transactional read: issue time	3197serve time	3529 ns
critical read: issue time	2753serve time	3537 ns
transactional read: issue time	2753serve time	3537 ns
transactional read: issue time	2753serve time	3537 ns
transactional read: issue time	2753serve time	3537 ns
critical read: issue time	3441serve time	3537 ns
transactional read: issue time	3441serve time	3537 ns
transactional read: issue time	3441serve time	3537 ns
transactional read: issue time	3441serve time	3537 ns
critical read: issue time	3158serve time	3545 ns
transactional read: issue time	3158serve time	3545 ns
transactional read: issue time	3158serve time	3545 ns
transactional read: issue time	3158serve time	3545 ns
critical read: issue time	3455serve time	3545 ns
transactional read: issue time	3455serve time	3545 ns
transactional read: issue time	3455serve time	3545 ns
transactional read: issue time	3455serve time	3545 ns
critical read: issue time	3179serve time	3553 ns
transactional read: issue time	3179serve time	3553 ns
transactional read: issue time	3179serve time	3553 ns
transactional read: issue time	3179serve time	3553 ns
critical read: issue time	3187serve time	3561 ns
transactional read: issue time	3187serve time	3561 ns
transactional read: issue time	3187serve time	3561 ns
transactional read: issue time	3187serve time	3561 ns
critical read: issue time	3475serve time	3561 ns
transactional read: issue time	3475serve time	3561 ns
transactional read: issue time	3475serve time	3561 ns
transactional read: issue time	3475serve time	3561 ns
critical read: issue time	3199serve time	3569 ns
transactional read: issue time	3199serve time	3569 ns
transactional read: issue time	3199serve time	3569 ns
transactional read: issue time	3199serve time	3569 ns
critical read: issue time	3486serve time	3569 ns
transactional read: issue time	3486serve time	3569 ns
transactional read: issue time	3486serve time	3569 ns
transactional read: issue time	3486serve time	3569 ns
transactional read: issue time	3207serve time	3577 ns
transactional read: issue time	3207serve time	3577 ns
transactional read: issue time	3207serve time	3577 ns
critical read: issue time	3207serve time	3577 ns
critical read: issue time	3483serve time	3577 ns
transactional read: issue time	3483serve time	3577 ns
transactional read: issue time	3483serve time	3577 ns
transactional read: issue time	3483serve time	3577 ns
critical read: issue time	3205serve time	3585 ns
transactional read: issue time	3205serve time	3585 ns
transactional read: issue time	3205serve time	3585 ns
transactional read: issue time	3205serve time	3585 ns
critical read: issue time	3496serve time	3585 ns
transactional read: issue time	3496serve time	3585 ns
transactional read: issue time	3496serve time	3585 ns
transactional read: issue time	3496serve time	3585 ns
critical read: issue time	2803serve time	3593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2803serve time	3593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2803serve time	3593 ns
transactional read: issue time	2803serve time	3593 ns
critical read: issue time	3505serve time	3593 ns
transactional read: issue time	3505serve time	3593 ns
transactional read: issue time	3505serve time	3593 ns
transactional read: issue time	3505serve time	3593 ns
critical read: issue time	3229serve time	3601 ns
transactional read: issue time	3229serve time	3601 ns
transactional read: issue time	3229serve time	3601 ns
transactional read: issue time	3229serve time	3601 ns
critical read: issue time	3507serve time	3601 ns
transactional read: issue time	3507serve time	3601 ns
transactional read: issue time	3507serve time	3601 ns
transactional read: issue time	3507serve time	3601 ns
critical read: issue time	3230serve time	3609 ns
transactional read: issue time	3230serve time	3609 ns
transactional read: issue time	3230serve time	3609 ns
transactional read: issue time	3230serve time	3609 ns
critical read: issue time	3219serve time	3609 ns
transactional read: issue time	3219serve time	3609 ns
transactional read: issue time	3219serve time	3609 ns
transactional read: issue time	3219serve time	3609 ns
critical read: issue time	3243serve time	3617 ns
transactional read: issue time	3243serve time	3617 ns
transactional read: issue time	3243serve time	3617 ns
transactional read: issue time	3243serve time	3617 ns
critical read: issue time	3527serve time	3617 ns
transactional read: issue time	3527serve time	3617 ns
transactional read: issue time	3527serve time	3617 ns
transactional read: issue time	3527serve time	3617 ns
critical read: issue time	2867serve time	3625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2867serve time	3625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2867serve time	3625 ns
transactional read: issue time	2867serve time	3625 ns
critical read: issue time	3536serve time	3625 ns
transactional read: issue time	3536serve time	3625 ns
transactional read: issue time	3536serve time	3625 ns
transactional read: issue time	3536serve time	3625 ns
critical read: issue time	3251serve time	3633 ns
transactional read: issue time	3251serve time	3633 ns
transactional read: issue time	3251serve time	3633 ns
transactional read: issue time	3251serve time	3633 ns
critical read: issue time	3269serve time	3633 ns
transactional read: issue time	3269serve time	3633 ns
transactional read: issue time	3269serve time	3633 ns
transactional read: issue time	3269serve time	3633 ns
critical read: issue time	2921serve time	3641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2921serve time	3641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2921serve time	3641 ns
transactional read: issue time	2921serve time	3641 ns
critical read: issue time	3557serve time	3641 ns
transactional read: issue time	3557serve time	3641 ns
transactional read: issue time	3557serve time	3641 ns
transactional read: issue time	3557serve time	3641 ns
critical read: issue time	3267serve time	3649 ns
transactional read: issue time	3267serve time	3649 ns
transactional read: issue time	3267serve time	3649 ns
transactional read: issue time	3267serve time	3649 ns
critical read: issue time	3547serve time	3649 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	3649 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	3649 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	3649 ns
critical read: issue time	3263serve time	3657 ns
transactional read: issue time	3263serve time	3657 ns
transactional read: issue time	3263serve time	3657 ns
transactional read: issue time	3263serve time	3657 ns
critical read: issue time	3333serve time	3657 ns
transactional read: issue time	3333serve time	3657 ns
transactional read: issue time	3333serve time	3657 ns
transactional read: issue time	3333serve time	3657 ns
critical read: issue time	3271serve time	3665 ns
transactional read: issue time	3271serve time	3665 ns
transactional read: issue time	3271serve time	3665 ns
transactional read: issue time	3271serve time	3665 ns
critical read: issue time	3385serve time	3665 ns
transactional read: issue time	3385serve time	3665 ns
transactional read: issue time	3385serve time	3665 ns
transactional read: issue time	3385serve time	3665 ns
critical read: issue time	2941serve time	3673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2941serve time	3673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2941serve time	3673 ns
transactional read: issue time	2941serve time	3673 ns
transactional read: issue time	3577serve time	3673 ns
critical read: issue time	3577serve time	3673 ns
transactional read: issue time	3577serve time	3673 ns
transactional read: issue time	3577serve time	3673 ns
transactional read: issue time	3287serve time	3681 ns
transactional read: issue time	3287serve time	3681 ns
transactional read: issue time	3287serve time	3681 ns
critical read: issue time	3287serve time	3681 ns
critical read: issue time	3405serve time	3681 ns
transactional read: issue time	3405serve time	3681 ns
transactional read: issue time	3405serve time	3681 ns
transactional read: issue time	3405serve time	3681 ns
critical read: issue time	3288serve time	3689 ns
transactional read: issue time	3288serve time	3689 ns
transactional read: issue time	3288serve time	3689 ns
transactional read: issue time	3288serve time	3689 ns
critical read: issue time	3455serve time	3689 ns
transactional read: issue time	3455serve time	3689 ns
transactional read: issue time	3455serve time	3689 ns
transactional read: issue time	3455serve time	3689 ns
critical read: issue time	3314serve time	3697 ns
transactional read: issue time	3314serve time	3697 ns
transactional read: issue time	3314serve time	3697 ns
transactional read: issue time	3314serve time	3697 ns
transactional read: issue time	3595serve time	3697 ns
transactional read: issue time	3595serve time	3697 ns
critical read: issue time	3595serve time	3697 ns
transactional read: issue time	3595serve time	3697 ns
critical read: issue time	2991serve time	3705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2991serve time	3705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2991serve time	3705 ns
transactional read: issue time	2991serve time	3705 ns
critical read: issue time	3618serve time	3705 ns
transactional read: issue time	3618serve time	3705 ns
transactional read: issue time	3618serve time	3705 ns
transactional read: issue time	3618serve time	3705 ns
critical read: issue time	3329serve time	3713 ns
transactional read: issue time	3329serve time	3713 ns
transactional read: issue time	3329serve time	3713 ns
transactional read: issue time	3329serve time	3713 ns
critical read: issue time	3615serve time	3713 ns
transactional read: issue time	3615serve time	3713 ns
transactional read: issue time	3615serve time	3713 ns
transactional read: issue time	3615serve time	3713 ns
critical read: issue time	3343serve time	3721 ns
transactional read: issue time	3343serve time	3721 ns
transactional read: issue time	3343serve time	3721 ns
transactional read: issue time	3343serve time	3721 ns
critical read: issue time	3639serve time	3721 ns
transactional read: issue time	3639serve time	3721 ns
transactional read: issue time	3639serve time	3721 ns
transactional read: issue time	3639serve time	3721 ns
critical read: issue time	3349serve time	3729 ns
transactional read: issue time	3349serve time	3729 ns
transactional read: issue time	3349serve time	3729 ns
transactional read: issue time	3349serve time	3729 ns
critical read: issue time	3363serve time	3737 ns
transactional read: issue time	3363serve time	3737 ns
transactional read: issue time	3363serve time	3737 ns
transactional read: issue time	3363serve time	3737 ns
critical read: issue time	3383serve time	3745 ns
transactional read: issue time	3383serve time	3745 ns
transactional read: issue time	3383serve time	3745 ns
transactional read: issue time	3383serve time	3745 ns
critical read: issue time	3517serve time	3745 ns
transactional read: issue time	3517serve time	3745 ns
transactional read: issue time	3517serve time	3745 ns
transactional read: issue time	3517serve time	3745 ns
critical read: issue time	3053serve time	3753 ns
transactional read: issue time	3053serve time	3753 ns
transactional read: issue time	3053serve time	3753 ns
transactional read: issue time	3053serve time	3753 ns
critical read: issue time	3660serve time	3753 ns
transactional read: issue time	3660serve time	3753 ns
transactional read: issue time	3660serve time	3753 ns
transactional read: issue time	3660serve time	3753 ns
critical read: issue time	3392serve time	3761 ns
transactional read: issue time	3392serve time	3761 ns
transactional read: issue time	3392serve time	3761 ns
transactional read: issue time	3392serve time	3761 ns
critical read: issue time	3663serve time	3761 ns
transactional read: issue time	3663serve time	3761 ns
transactional read: issue time	3663serve time	3761 ns
transactional read: issue time	3663serve time	3761 ns
critical read: issue time	3394serve time	3769 ns
transactional read: issue time	3394serve time	3769 ns
transactional read: issue time	3394serve time	3769 ns
transactional read: issue time	3394serve time	3769 ns
critical read: issue time	3663serve time	3769 ns
transactional read: issue time	3663serve time	3769 ns
transactional read: issue time	3663serve time	3769 ns
transactional read: issue time	3663serve time	3769 ns
critical read: issue time	3105serve time	3777 ns
transactional read: issue time	3105serve time	3777 ns
transactional read: issue time	3105serve time	3777 ns
transactional read: issue time	3105serve time	3777 ns
critical read: issue time	3693serve time	3777 ns
transactional read: issue time	3693serve time	3777 ns
transactional read: issue time	3693serve time	3777 ns
transactional read: issue time	3693serve time	3777 ns
critical read: issue time	3401serve time	3785 ns
transactional read: issue time	3401serve time	3785 ns
transactional read: issue time	3401serve time	3785 ns
transactional read: issue time	3401serve time	3785 ns
critical read: issue time	3685serve time	3785 ns
transactional read: issue time	3685serve time	3785 ns
transactional read: issue time	3685serve time	3785 ns
transactional read: issue time	3685serve time	3785 ns
critical read: issue time	3125serve time	3793 ns
transactional read: issue time	3125serve time	3793 ns
transactional read: issue time	3125serve time	3793 ns
transactional read: issue time	3125serve time	3793 ns
critical read: issue time	3705serve time	3793 ns
transactional read: issue time	3705serve time	3793 ns
transactional read: issue time	3705serve time	3793 ns
transactional read: issue time	3705serve time	3793 ns
critical read: issue time	3413serve time	3801 ns
transactional read: issue time	3413serve time	3801 ns
transactional read: issue time	3413serve time	3801 ns
transactional read: issue time	3413serve time	3801 ns
critical read: issue time	3688serve time	3801 ns
transactional read: issue time	3688serve time	3801 ns
transactional read: issue time	3688serve time	3801 ns
transactional read: issue time	3688serve time	3801 ns
critical read: issue time	3421serve time	3809 ns
transactional read: issue time	3421serve time	3809 ns
transactional read: issue time	3421serve time	3809 ns
transactional read: issue time	3421serve time	3809 ns
critical read: issue time	3709serve time	3809 ns
transactional read: issue time	3709serve time	3809 ns
transactional read: issue time	3709serve time	3809 ns
transactional read: issue time	3709serve time	3809 ns
critical read: issue time	3413serve time	3817 ns
transactional read: issue time	3413serve time	3817 ns
transactional read: issue time	3413serve time	3817 ns
transactional read: issue time	3413serve time	3817 ns
critical read: issue time	3730serve time	3817 ns
transactional read: issue time	3730serve time	3817 ns
transactional read: issue time	3730serve time	3817 ns
transactional read: issue time	3730serve time	3817 ns
critical read: issue time	3433serve time	3825 ns
transactional read: issue time	3433serve time	3825 ns
transactional read: issue time	3433serve time	3825 ns
transactional read: issue time	3433serve time	3825 ns
critical read: issue time	3729serve time	3825 ns
transactional read: issue time	3729serve time	3825 ns
transactional read: issue time	3729serve time	3825 ns
transactional read: issue time	3729serve time	3825 ns
critical read: issue time	3175serve time	3833 ns
transactional read: issue time	3175serve time	3833 ns
transactional read: issue time	3175serve time	3833 ns
transactional read: issue time	3175serve time	3833 ns
critical read: issue time	3569serve time	3833 ns
transactional read: issue time	3569serve time	3833 ns
transactional read: issue time	3569serve time	3833 ns
transactional read: issue time	3569serve time	3833 ns
critical read: issue time	3441serve time	3841 ns
transactional read: issue time	3441serve time	3841 ns
transactional read: issue time	3441serve time	3841 ns
transactional read: issue time	3441serve time	3841 ns
critical read: issue time	3751serve time	3841 ns
transactional read: issue time	3751serve time	3841 ns
transactional read: issue time	3751serve time	3841 ns
transactional read: issue time	3751serve time	3841 ns
critical read: issue time	3453serve time	3849 ns
transactional read: issue time	3453serve time	3849 ns
transactional read: issue time	3453serve time	3849 ns
transactional read: issue time	3453serve time	3849 ns
critical read: issue time	3589serve time	3849 ns
transactional read: issue time	3589serve time	3849 ns
transactional read: issue time	3589serve time	3849 ns
transactional read: issue time	3589serve time	3849 ns
critical read: issue time	3461serve time	3857 ns
transactional read: issue time	3461serve time	3857 ns
transactional read: issue time	3461serve time	3857 ns
transactional read: issue time	3461serve time	3857 ns
critical read: issue time	3639serve time	3857 ns
transactional read: issue time	3639serve time	3857 ns
transactional read: issue time	3639serve time	3857 ns
transactional read: issue time	3639serve time	3857 ns
critical read: issue time	3466serve time	3865 ns
transactional read: issue time	3466serve time	3865 ns
transactional read: issue time	3466serve time	3865 ns
transactional read: issue time	3466serve time	3865 ns
transactional read: issue time	3507serve time	3873 ns
transactional read: issue time	3507serve time	3873 ns
critical read: issue time	3507serve time	3873 ns
transactional read: issue time	3507serve time	3873 ns
critical read: issue time	3526serve time	3881 ns
transactional read: issue time	3526serve time	3881 ns
transactional read: issue time	3526serve time	3881 ns
transactional read: issue time	3526serve time	3881 ns
critical read: issue time	3785serve time	3881 ns
transactional read: issue time	3785serve time	3881 ns
transactional read: issue time	3785serve time	3881 ns
transactional read: issue time	3785serve time	3881 ns
critical read: issue time	3527serve time	3889 ns
transactional read: issue time	3527serve time	3889 ns
transactional read: issue time	3527serve time	3889 ns
transactional read: issue time	3527serve time	3889 ns
critical read: issue time	3806serve time	3889 ns
transactional read: issue time	3806serve time	3889 ns
transactional read: issue time	3806serve time	3889 ns
transactional read: issue time	3806serve time	3889 ns
critical read: issue time	3239serve time	3897 ns
transactional read: issue time	3239serve time	3897 ns
transactional read: issue time	3239serve time	3897 ns
transactional read: issue time	3239serve time	3897 ns
critical read: issue time	3805serve time	3897 ns
transactional read: issue time	3805serve time	3897 ns
transactional read: issue time	3805serve time	3897 ns
transactional read: issue time	3805serve time	3897 ns
critical read: issue time	3547serve time	3905 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	3905 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	3905 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	3905 ns
critical read: issue time	3701serve time	3905 ns
transactional read: issue time	3701serve time	3905 ns
transactional read: issue time	3701serve time	3905 ns
transactional read: issue time	3701serve time	3905 ns
transactional read: issue time	3555serve time	3913 ns
transactional read: issue time	3555serve time	3913 ns
critical read: issue time	3555serve time	3913 ns
transactional read: issue time	3555serve time	3913 ns
critical read: issue time	3827serve time	3913 ns
transactional read: issue time	3827serve time	3913 ns
transactional read: issue time	3827serve time	3913 ns
transactional read: issue time	3827serve time	3913 ns
critical read: issue time	3291serve time	3921 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3921 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3921 ns
transactional read: issue time	3291serve time	3921 ns
critical read: issue time	3846serve time	3921 ns
transactional read: issue time	3846serve time	3921 ns
transactional read: issue time	3846serve time	3921 ns
transactional read: issue time	3846serve time	3921 ns
critical read: issue time	3313serve time	3929 ns
transactional read: issue time	3313serve time	3929 ns
transactional read: issue time	3313serve time	3929 ns
transactional read: issue time	3313serve time	3929 ns
critical read: issue time	3847serve time	3929 ns
transactional read: issue time	3847serve time	3929 ns
transactional read: issue time	3847serve time	3929 ns
transactional read: issue time	3847serve time	3929 ns
critical read: issue time	3567serve time	3937 ns
transactional read: issue time	3567serve time	3937 ns
transactional read: issue time	3567serve time	3937 ns
transactional read: issue time	3567serve time	3937 ns
critical read: issue time	3853serve time	3937 ns
transactional read: issue time	3853serve time	3937 ns
transactional read: issue time	3853serve time	3937 ns
transactional read: issue time	3853serve time	3937 ns
critical read: issue time	3363serve time	3945 ns
transactional read: issue time	3363serve time	3945 ns
transactional read: issue time	3363serve time	3945 ns
transactional read: issue time	3363serve time	3945 ns
critical read: issue time	3835serve time	3945 ns
transactional read: issue time	3835serve time	3945 ns
transactional read: issue time	3835serve time	3945 ns
transactional read: issue time	3835serve time	3945 ns
critical read: issue time	3575serve time	3953 ns
transactional read: issue time	3575serve time	3953 ns
transactional read: issue time	3575serve time	3953 ns
transactional read: issue time	3575serve time	3953 ns
critical read: issue time	3867serve time	3953 ns
transactional read: issue time	3867serve time	3953 ns
transactional read: issue time	3867serve time	3953 ns
transactional read: issue time	3867serve time	3953 ns
critical read: issue time	3577serve time	3961 ns
transactional read: issue time	3577serve time	3961 ns
transactional read: issue time	3577serve time	3961 ns
transactional read: issue time	3577serve time	3961 ns
critical read: issue time	3877serve time	3961 ns
transactional read: issue time	3877serve time	3961 ns
transactional read: issue time	3877serve time	3961 ns
transactional read: issue time	3877serve time	3961 ns
critical read: issue time	3425serve time	3969 ns
transactional read: issue time	3425serve time	3969 ns
transactional read: issue time	3425serve time	3969 ns
transactional read: issue time	3425serve time	3969 ns
critical read: issue time	3873serve time	3969 ns
transactional read: issue time	3873serve time	3969 ns
transactional read: issue time	3873serve time	3969 ns
transactional read: issue time	3873serve time	3969 ns
critical read: issue time	3477serve time	3977 ns
transactional read: issue time	3477serve time	3977 ns
transactional read: issue time	3477serve time	3977 ns
transactional read: issue time	3477serve time	3977 ns
critical read: issue time	3860serve time	3977 ns
transactional read: issue time	3860serve time	3977 ns
transactional read: issue time	3860serve time	3977 ns
transactional read: issue time	3860serve time	3977 ns
critical read: issue time	3597serve time	3985 ns
transactional read: issue time	3597serve time	3985 ns
transactional read: issue time	3597serve time	3985 ns
transactional read: issue time	3597serve time	3985 ns
critical read: issue time	3881serve time	3985 ns
transactional read: issue time	3881serve time	3985 ns
transactional read: issue time	3881serve time	3985 ns
transactional read: issue time	3881serve time	3985 ns
critical read: issue time	3597serve time	3993 ns
transactional read: issue time	3597serve time	3993 ns
transactional read: issue time	3597serve time	3993 ns
transactional read: issue time	3597serve time	3993 ns
critical read: issue time	3892serve time	3993 ns
transactional read: issue time	3892serve time	3993 ns
transactional read: issue time	3892serve time	3993 ns
transactional read: issue time	3892serve time	3993 ns
critical read: issue time	3602serve time	4001 ns
transactional read: issue time	3602serve time	4001 ns
transactional read: issue time	3602serve time	4001 ns
transactional read: issue time	3602serve time	4001 ns
critical read: issue time	3901serve time	4001 ns
transactional read: issue time	3901serve time	4001 ns
transactional read: issue time	3901serve time	4001 ns
transactional read: issue time	3901serve time	4001 ns
critical read: issue time	3497serve time	4009 ns
transactional read: issue time	3497serve time	4009 ns
transactional read: issue time	3497serve time	4009 ns
transactional read: issue time	3497serve time	4009 ns
critical read: issue time	3753serve time	4009 ns
transactional read: issue time	3753serve time	4009 ns
transactional read: issue time	3753serve time	4009 ns
transactional read: issue time	3753serve time	4009 ns
critical read: issue time	3619serve time	4017 ns
transactional read: issue time	3619serve time	4017 ns
transactional read: issue time	3619serve time	4017 ns
transactional read: issue time	3619serve time	4017 ns
critical read: issue time	3913serve time	4017 ns
transactional read: issue time	3913serve time	4017 ns
transactional read: issue time	3913serve time	4017 ns
transactional read: issue time	3913serve time	4017 ns
transactional read: issue time	3635serve time	4025 ns
transactional read: issue time	3635serve time	4025 ns
critical read: issue time	3635serve time	4025 ns
transactional read: issue time	3635serve time	4025 ns
critical read: issue time	3773serve time	4025 ns
transactional read: issue time	3773serve time	4025 ns
transactional read: issue time	3773serve time	4025 ns
transactional read: issue time	3773serve time	4025 ns
critical read: issue time	3644serve time	4033 ns
transactional read: issue time	3644serve time	4033 ns
transactional read: issue time	3644serve time	4033 ns
transactional read: issue time	3644serve time	4033 ns
critical read: issue time	3924serve time	4033 ns
transactional read: issue time	3924serve time	4033 ns
transactional read: issue time	3924serve time	4033 ns
transactional read: issue time	3924serve time	4033 ns
critical read: issue time	3623serve time	4041 ns
transactional read: issue time	3623serve time	4041 ns
transactional read: issue time	3623serve time	4041 ns
transactional read: issue time	3623serve time	4041 ns
critical read: issue time	3823serve time	4041 ns
transactional read: issue time	3823serve time	4041 ns
transactional read: issue time	3823serve time	4041 ns
transactional read: issue time	3823serve time	4041 ns
critical read: issue time	3643serve time	4049 ns
transactional read: issue time	3643serve time	4049 ns
transactional read: issue time	3643serve time	4049 ns
transactional read: issue time	3643serve time	4049 ns
transactional read: issue time	3911serve time	4049 ns
transactional read: issue time	3911serve time	4049 ns
critical read: issue time	3911serve time	4049 ns
transactional read: issue time	3911serve time	4049 ns
critical read: issue time	3665serve time	4057 ns
transactional read: issue time	3665serve time	4057 ns
transactional read: issue time	3665serve time	4057 ns
transactional read: issue time	3665serve time	4057 ns
critical read: issue time	611serve time	4057 ns
transactional read: issue time	611serve time	4057 ns
transactional read: issue time	611serve time	4057 ns
transactional read: issue time	611serve time	4057 ns
critical read: issue time	3547serve time	4065 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	4065 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	4065 ns
transactional read: issue time	3547serve time	4065 ns
transactional read: issue time	653serve time	4065 ns
critical read: issue time	653serve time	4065 ns
transactional read: issue time	653serve time	4065 ns
transactional read: issue time	653serve time	4065 ns
transactional read: issue time	3681serve time	4073 ns
transactional read: issue time	3681serve time	4073 ns
transactional read: issue time	3681serve time	4073 ns
critical read: issue time	3681serve time	4073 ns
critical read: issue time	3703serve time	4081 ns
transactional read: issue time	3703serve time	4081 ns
transactional read: issue time	3703serve time	4081 ns
transactional read: issue time	3703serve time	4081 ns
critical read: issue time	3715serve time	4089 ns
transactional read: issue time	3715serve time	4089 ns
transactional read: issue time	3715serve time	4089 ns
transactional read: issue time	3715serve time	4089 ns
critical read: issue time	3990serve time	4089 ns
transactional read: issue time	3990serve time	4089 ns
transactional read: issue time	3990serve time	4089 ns
transactional read: issue time	3990serve time	4089 ns
transactional read: issue time	3723serve time	4097 ns
transactional read: issue time	3723serve time	4097 ns
transactional read: issue time	3723serve time	4097 ns
critical read: issue time	3723serve time	4097 ns
critical read: issue time	3985serve time	4097 ns
transactional read: issue time	3985serve time	4097 ns
transactional read: issue time	3985serve time	4097 ns
transactional read: issue time	3985serve time	4097 ns
critical read: issue time	3735serve time	4105 ns
transactional read: issue time	3735serve time	4105 ns
transactional read: issue time	3735serve time	4105 ns
transactional read: issue time	3735serve time	4105 ns
critical read: issue time	3977serve time	4105 ns
transactional read: issue time	3977serve time	4105 ns
transactional read: issue time	3977serve time	4105 ns
transactional read: issue time	3977serve time	4105 ns
critical read: issue time	3743serve time	4113 ns
transactional read: issue time	3743serve time	4113 ns
transactional read: issue time	3743serve time	4113 ns
transactional read: issue time	3743serve time	4113 ns
critical read: issue time	4011serve time	4113 ns
transactional read: issue time	4011serve time	4113 ns
transactional read: issue time	4011serve time	4113 ns
transactional read: issue time	4011serve time	4113 ns
critical read: issue time	3749serve time	4121 ns
transactional read: issue time	3749serve time	4121 ns
transactional read: issue time	3749serve time	4121 ns
transactional read: issue time	3749serve time	4121 ns
critical read: issue time	4021serve time	4121 ns
transactional read: issue time	4021serve time	4121 ns
transactional read: issue time	4021serve time	4121 ns
transactional read: issue time	4021serve time	4121 ns
critical read: issue time	3755serve time	4129 ns
transactional read: issue time	3755serve time	4129 ns
transactional read: issue time	3755serve time	4129 ns
transactional read: issue time	3755serve time	4129 ns
critical read: issue time	4007serve time	4129 ns
transactional read: issue time	4007serve time	4129 ns
transactional read: issue time	4007serve time	4129 ns
transactional read: issue time	4007serve time	4129 ns
critical read: issue time	3765serve time	4137 ns
transactional read: issue time	3765serve time	4137 ns
transactional read: issue time	3765serve time	4137 ns
transactional read: issue time	3765serve time	4137 ns
critical read: issue time	4031serve time	4137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4031serve time	4137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4031serve time	4137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4031serve time	4137 ns
critical read: issue time	3609serve time	4145 ns
transactional read: issue time	3609serve time	4145 ns
transactional read: issue time	3609serve time	4145 ns
transactional read: issue time	3609serve time	4145 ns
critical read: issue time	4037serve time	4145 ns
transactional read: issue time	4037serve time	4145 ns
transactional read: issue time	4037serve time	4145 ns
transactional read: issue time	4037serve time	4145 ns
critical read: issue time	3771serve time	4153 ns
transactional read: issue time	3771serve time	4153 ns
transactional read: issue time	3771serve time	4153 ns
transactional read: issue time	3771serve time	4153 ns
critical read: issue time	4041serve time	4153 ns
transactional read: issue time	4041serve time	4153 ns
transactional read: issue time	4041serve time	4153 ns
transactional read: issue time	4041serve time	4153 ns
critical read: issue time	3774serve time	4161 ns
transactional read: issue time	3774serve time	4161 ns
transactional read: issue time	3774serve time	4161 ns
transactional read: issue time	3774serve time	4161 ns
critical read: issue time	4061serve time	4161 ns
transactional read: issue time	4061serve time	4161 ns
transactional read: issue time	4061serve time	4161 ns
transactional read: issue time	4061serve time	4161 ns
critical read: issue time	3661serve time	4169 ns
transactional read: issue time	3661serve time	4169 ns
transactional read: issue time	3661serve time	4169 ns
transactional read: issue time	3661serve time	4169 ns
critical read: issue time	4057serve time	4169 ns
transactional read: issue time	4057serve time	4169 ns
transactional read: issue time	4057serve time	4169 ns
transactional read: issue time	4057serve time	4169 ns
critical read: issue time	3681serve time	4177 ns
transactional read: issue time	3681serve time	4177 ns
transactional read: issue time	3681serve time	4177 ns
transactional read: issue time	3681serve time	4177 ns
critical read: issue time	4081serve time	4177 ns
transactional read: issue time	4081serve time	4177 ns
transactional read: issue time	4081serve time	4177 ns
transactional read: issue time	4081serve time	4177 ns
critical read: issue time	3785serve time	4185 ns
transactional read: issue time	3785serve time	4185 ns
transactional read: issue time	3785serve time	4185 ns
transactional read: issue time	3785serve time	4185 ns
critical read: issue time	4032serve time	4185 ns
transactional read: issue time	4032serve time	4185 ns
transactional read: issue time	4032serve time	4185 ns
transactional read: issue time	4032serve time	4185 ns
critical read: issue time	3791serve time	4193 ns
transactional read: issue time	3791serve time	4193 ns
transactional read: issue time	3791serve time	4193 ns
transactional read: issue time	3791serve time	4193 ns
critical read: issue time	4076serve time	4193 ns
transactional read: issue time	4076serve time	4193 ns
transactional read: issue time	4076serve time	4193 ns
transactional read: issue time	4076serve time	4193 ns
critical read: issue time	3795serve time	4201 ns
transactional read: issue time	3795serve time	4201 ns
transactional read: issue time	3795serve time	4201 ns
transactional read: issue time	3795serve time	4201 ns
critical read: issue time	3973serve time	4201 ns
transactional read: issue time	3973serve time	4201 ns
transactional read: issue time	3973serve time	4201 ns
transactional read: issue time	3973serve time	4201 ns
critical read: issue time	3816serve time	4209 ns
transactional read: issue time	3816serve time	4209 ns
transactional read: issue time	3816serve time	4209 ns
transactional read: issue time	3816serve time	4209 ns
critical read: issue time	4108serve time	4209 ns
transactional read: issue time	4108serve time	4209 ns
transactional read: issue time	4108serve time	4209 ns
transactional read: issue time	4108serve time	4209 ns
critical read: issue time	3815serve time	4217 ns
transactional read: issue time	3815serve time	4217 ns
transactional read: issue time	3815serve time	4217 ns
transactional read: issue time	3815serve time	4217 ns
critical read: issue time	4033serve time	4217 ns
transactional read: issue time	4033serve time	4217 ns
transactional read: issue time	4033serve time	4217 ns
transactional read: issue time	4033serve time	4217 ns
critical read: issue time	3832serve time	4225 ns
transactional read: issue time	3832serve time	4225 ns
transactional read: issue time	3832serve time	4225 ns
transactional read: issue time	3832serve time	4225 ns
critical read: issue time	4099serve time	4225 ns
transactional read: issue time	4099serve time	4225 ns
transactional read: issue time	4099serve time	4225 ns
transactional read: issue time	4099serve time	4225 ns
critical read: issue time	3731serve time	4233 ns
transactional read: issue time	3731serve time	4233 ns
transactional read: issue time	3731serve time	4233 ns
transactional read: issue time	3731serve time	4233 ns
critical read: issue time	673serve time	4233 ns
transactional read: issue time	673serve time	4233 ns
transactional read: issue time	673serve time	4233 ns
transactional read: issue time	673serve time	4233 ns
critical read: issue time	3893serve time	4241 ns
transactional read: issue time	3893serve time	4241 ns
transactional read: issue time	3893serve time	4241 ns
transactional read: issue time	3893serve time	4241 ns
critical read: issue time	3899serve time	4249 ns
transactional read: issue time	3899serve time	4249 ns
transactional read: issue time	3899serve time	4249 ns
transactional read: issue time	3899serve time	4249 ns
critical read: issue time	3919serve time	4257 ns
transactional read: issue time	3919serve time	4257 ns
transactional read: issue time	3919serve time	4257 ns
transactional read: issue time	3919serve time	4257 ns
critical read: issue time	3793serve time	4265 ns
transactional read: issue time	3793serve time	4265 ns
transactional read: issue time	3793serve time	4265 ns
transactional read: issue time	3793serve time	4265 ns
critical read: issue time	3931serve time	4273 ns
transactional read: issue time	3931serve time	4273 ns
transactional read: issue time	3931serve time	4273 ns
transactional read: issue time	3931serve time	4273 ns
critical read: issue time	3933serve time	4281 ns
transactional read: issue time	3933serve time	4281 ns
transactional read: issue time	3933serve time	4281 ns
transactional read: issue time	3933serve time	4281 ns
critical read: issue time	4174serve time	4281 ns
transactional read: issue time	4174serve time	4281 ns
transactional read: issue time	4174serve time	4281 ns
transactional read: issue time	4174serve time	4281 ns
transactional read: issue time	3843serve time	4289 ns
transactional read: issue time	3843serve time	4289 ns
critical read: issue time	3843serve time	4289 ns
transactional read: issue time	3843serve time	4289 ns
critical read: issue time	4169serve time	4289 ns
transactional read: issue time	4169serve time	4289 ns
transactional read: issue time	4169serve time	4289 ns
transactional read: issue time	4169serve time	4289 ns
critical read: issue time	3863serve time	4297 ns
transactional read: issue time	3863serve time	4297 ns
transactional read: issue time	3863serve time	4297 ns
transactional read: issue time	3863serve time	4297 ns
critical read: issue time	4181serve time	4297 ns
transactional read: issue time	4181serve time	4297 ns
transactional read: issue time	4181serve time	4297 ns
transactional read: issue time	4181serve time	4297 ns
critical read: issue time	3939serve time	4305 ns
transactional read: issue time	3939serve time	4305 ns
transactional read: issue time	3939serve time	4305 ns
transactional read: issue time	3939serve time	4305 ns
critical read: issue time	4189serve time	4305 ns
transactional read: issue time	4189serve time	4305 ns
transactional read: issue time	4189serve time	4305 ns
transactional read: issue time	4189serve time	4305 ns
transactional read: issue time	3891serve time	4313 ns
transactional read: issue time	3891serve time	4313 ns
critical read: issue time	3891serve time	4313 ns
transactional read: issue time	3891serve time	4313 ns
critical read: issue time	4195serve time	4313 ns
transactional read: issue time	4195serve time	4313 ns
transactional read: issue time	4195serve time	4313 ns
transactional read: issue time	4195serve time	4313 ns
critical read: issue time	3945serve time	4321 ns
transactional read: issue time	3945serve time	4321 ns
transactional read: issue time	3945serve time	4321 ns
transactional read: issue time	3945serve time	4321 ns
critical read: issue time	4201serve time	4321 ns
transactional read: issue time	4201serve time	4321 ns
transactional read: issue time	4201serve time	4321 ns
transactional read: issue time	4201serve time	4321 ns
critical read: issue time	3931serve time	4329 ns
transactional read: issue time	3931serve time	4329 ns
transactional read: issue time	3931serve time	4329 ns
transactional read: issue time	3931serve time	4329 ns
critical read: issue time	4215serve time	4329 ns
transactional read: issue time	4215serve time	4329 ns
transactional read: issue time	4215serve time	4329 ns
transactional read: issue time	4215serve time	4329 ns
transactional read: issue time	591serve time	4337 ns
transactional read: issue time	591serve time	4337 ns
transactional read: issue time	591serve time	4337 ns
critical read: issue time	591serve time	4337 ns
critical read: issue time	4221serve time	4337 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4337 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4337 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4337 ns
transactional read: issue time	3953serve time	4345 ns
transactional read: issue time	3953serve time	4345 ns
critical read: issue time	3953serve time	4345 ns
transactional read: issue time	3953serve time	4345 ns
critical read: issue time	4221serve time	4345 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4345 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4345 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4345 ns
critical read: issue time	3955serve time	4353 ns
transactional read: issue time	3955serve time	4353 ns
transactional read: issue time	3955serve time	4353 ns
transactional read: issue time	3955serve time	4353 ns
critical read: issue time	4245serve time	4353 ns
transactional read: issue time	4245serve time	4353 ns
transactional read: issue time	4245serve time	4353 ns
transactional read: issue time	4245serve time	4353 ns
critical read: issue time	3956serve time	4361 ns
transactional read: issue time	3956serve time	4361 ns
transactional read: issue time	3956serve time	4361 ns
transactional read: issue time	3956serve time	4361 ns
critical read: issue time	4241serve time	4361 ns
transactional read: issue time	4241serve time	4361 ns
transactional read: issue time	4241serve time	4361 ns
transactional read: issue time	4241serve time	4361 ns
critical read: issue time	631serve time	4369 ns
transactional read: issue time	631serve time	4369 ns
transactional read: issue time	631serve time	4369 ns
transactional read: issue time	631serve time	4369 ns
critical read: issue time	4243serve time	4369 ns
transactional read: issue time	4243serve time	4369 ns
transactional read: issue time	4243serve time	4369 ns
transactional read: issue time	4243serve time	4369 ns
critical read: issue time	3965serve time	4377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3965serve time	4377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3965serve time	4377 ns
transactional read: issue time	3965serve time	4377 ns
critical read: issue time	4231serve time	4377 ns
transactional read: issue time	4231serve time	4377 ns
transactional read: issue time	4231serve time	4377 ns
transactional read: issue time	4231serve time	4377 ns
critical read: issue time	3969serve time	4385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3969serve time	4385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3969serve time	4385 ns
transactional read: issue time	3969serve time	4385 ns
critical read: issue time	4251serve time	4385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4251serve time	4385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4251serve time	4385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4251serve time	4385 ns
critical read: issue time	3980serve time	4393 ns
transactional read: issue time	3980serve time	4393 ns
transactional read: issue time	3980serve time	4393 ns
transactional read: issue time	3980serve time	4393 ns
critical read: issue time	4292serve time	4393 ns
transactional read: issue time	4292serve time	4393 ns
transactional read: issue time	4292serve time	4393 ns
transactional read: issue time	4292serve time	4393 ns
critical read: issue time	4001serve time	4401 ns
transactional read: issue time	4001serve time	4401 ns
transactional read: issue time	4001serve time	4401 ns
transactional read: issue time	4001serve time	4401 ns
critical read: issue time	4271serve time	4401 ns
transactional read: issue time	4271serve time	4401 ns
transactional read: issue time	4271serve time	4401 ns
transactional read: issue time	4271serve time	4401 ns
critical read: issue time	4016serve time	4409 ns
transactional read: issue time	4016serve time	4409 ns
transactional read: issue time	4016serve time	4409 ns
transactional read: issue time	4016serve time	4409 ns
critical read: issue time	4171serve time	4409 ns
transactional read: issue time	4171serve time	4409 ns
transactional read: issue time	4171serve time	4409 ns
transactional read: issue time	4171serve time	4409 ns
critical read: issue time	4061serve time	4417 ns
transactional read: issue time	4061serve time	4417 ns
transactional read: issue time	4061serve time	4417 ns
transactional read: issue time	4061serve time	4417 ns
critical read: issue time	4191serve time	4417 ns
transactional read: issue time	4191serve time	4417 ns
transactional read: issue time	4191serve time	4417 ns
transactional read: issue time	4191serve time	4417 ns
critical read: issue time	4077serve time	4425 ns
transactional read: issue time	4077serve time	4425 ns
transactional read: issue time	4077serve time	4425 ns
transactional read: issue time	4077serve time	4425 ns
critical read: issue time	4221serve time	4425 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4425 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4425 ns
transactional read: issue time	4221serve time	4425 ns
critical read: issue time	4082serve time	4433 ns
transactional read: issue time	4082serve time	4433 ns
transactional read: issue time	4082serve time	4433 ns
transactional read: issue time	4082serve time	4433 ns
critical read: issue time	4245serve time	4433 ns
transactional read: issue time	4245serve time	4433 ns
transactional read: issue time	4245serve time	4433 ns
transactional read: issue time	4245serve time	4433 ns
transactional read: issue time	4053serve time	4441 ns
transactional read: issue time	4053serve time	4441 ns
critical read: issue time	4053serve time	4441 ns
transactional read: issue time	4053serve time	4441 ns
critical read: issue time	4097serve time	4449 ns
transactional read: issue time	4097serve time	4449 ns
transactional read: issue time	4097serve time	4449 ns
transactional read: issue time	4097serve time	4449 ns
transactional read: issue time	4101serve time	4457 ns
critical read: issue time	4101serve time	4457 ns
transactional read: issue time	4101serve time	4457 ns
transactional read: issue time	4101serve time	4457 ns
critical read: issue time	695serve time	4457 ns
transactional read: issue time	695serve time	4457 ns
transactional read: issue time	695serve time	4457 ns
transactional read: issue time	695serve time	4457 ns
critical read: issue time	4103serve time	4465 ns
transactional read: issue time	4103serve time	4465 ns
transactional read: issue time	4103serve time	4465 ns
transactional read: issue time	4103serve time	4465 ns
critical read: issue time	4353serve time	4465 ns
transactional read: issue time	4353serve time	4465 ns
transactional read: issue time	4353serve time	4465 ns
transactional read: issue time	4353serve time	4465 ns
transactional read: issue time	3993serve time	4473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3993serve time	4473 ns
transactional read: issue time	3993serve time	4473 ns
critical read: issue time	3993serve time	4473 ns
critical read: issue time	4361serve time	4473 ns
transactional read: issue time	4361serve time	4473 ns
transactional read: issue time	4361serve time	4473 ns
transactional read: issue time	4361serve time	4473 ns
transactional read: issue time	4013serve time	4481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4013serve time	4481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4013serve time	4481 ns
critical read: issue time	4013serve time	4481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4363serve time	4481 ns
critical read: issue time	4363serve time	4481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4363serve time	4481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4363serve time	4481 ns
critical read: issue time	4055serve time	4489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4055serve time	4489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4055serve time	4489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4055serve time	4489 ns
critical read: issue time	4359serve time	4489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4359serve time	4489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4359serve time	4489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4359serve time	4489 ns
critical read: issue time	4117serve time	4497 ns
transactional read: issue time	4117serve time	4497 ns
transactional read: issue time	4117serve time	4497 ns
transactional read: issue time	4117serve time	4497 ns
critical read: issue time	715serve time	4497 ns
transactional read: issue time	715serve time	4497 ns
transactional read: issue time	715serve time	4497 ns
transactional read: issue time	715serve time	4497 ns
critical read: issue time	4077serve time	4505 ns
transactional read: issue time	4077serve time	4505 ns
transactional read: issue time	4077serve time	4505 ns
transactional read: issue time	4077serve time	4505 ns
critical read: issue time	4381serve time	4505 ns
transactional read: issue time	4381serve time	4505 ns
transactional read: issue time	4381serve time	4505 ns
transactional read: issue time	4381serve time	4505 ns
critical read: issue time	4121serve time	4513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4121serve time	4513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4121serve time	4513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4121serve time	4513 ns
critical read: issue time	4385serve time	4513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4385serve time	4513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4385serve time	4513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4385serve time	4513 ns
critical read: issue time	4123serve time	4521 ns
transactional read: issue time	4123serve time	4521 ns
transactional read: issue time	4123serve time	4521 ns
transactional read: issue time	4123serve time	4521 ns
critical read: issue time	4403serve time	4521 ns
transactional read: issue time	4403serve time	4521 ns
transactional read: issue time	4403serve time	4521 ns
transactional read: issue time	4403serve time	4521 ns
critical read: issue time	4129serve time	4529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4129serve time	4529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4129serve time	4529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4129serve time	4529 ns
critical read: issue time	4405serve time	4529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4405serve time	4529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4405serve time	4529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4405serve time	4529 ns
critical read: issue time	4129serve time	4537 ns
transactional read: issue time	4129serve time	4537 ns
transactional read: issue time	4129serve time	4537 ns
transactional read: issue time	4129serve time	4537 ns
critical read: issue time	4405serve time	4537 ns
transactional read: issue time	4405serve time	4537 ns
transactional read: issue time	4405serve time	4537 ns
transactional read: issue time	4405serve time	4537 ns
transactional read: issue time	4141serve time	4545 ns
transactional read: issue time	4141serve time	4545 ns
transactional read: issue time	4141serve time	4545 ns
critical read: issue time	4141serve time	4545 ns
critical read: issue time	4425serve time	4545 ns
transactional read: issue time	4425serve time	4545 ns
transactional read: issue time	4425serve time	4545 ns
transactional read: issue time	4425serve time	4545 ns
critical read: issue time	4149serve time	4553 ns
transactional read: issue time	4149serve time	4553 ns
transactional read: issue time	4149serve time	4553 ns
transactional read: issue time	4149serve time	4553 ns
critical read: issue time	4433serve time	4553 ns
transactional read: issue time	4433serve time	4553 ns
transactional read: issue time	4433serve time	4553 ns
transactional read: issue time	4433serve time	4553 ns
critical read: issue time	4153serve time	4561 ns
transactional read: issue time	4153serve time	4561 ns
transactional read: issue time	4153serve time	4561 ns
transactional read: issue time	4153serve time	4561 ns
critical read: issue time	4427serve time	4561 ns
transactional read: issue time	4427serve time	4561 ns
transactional read: issue time	4427serve time	4561 ns
transactional read: issue time	4427serve time	4561 ns
critical read: issue time	4137serve time	4569 ns
transactional read: issue time	4137serve time	4569 ns
transactional read: issue time	4137serve time	4569 ns
transactional read: issue time	4137serve time	4569 ns
transactional read: issue time	4447serve time	4569 ns
transactional read: issue time	4447serve time	4569 ns
transactional read: issue time	4447serve time	4569 ns
critical read: issue time	4447serve time	4569 ns
critical read: issue time	4161serve time	4577 ns
transactional read: issue time	4161serve time	4577 ns
transactional read: issue time	4161serve time	4577 ns
transactional read: issue time	4161serve time	4577 ns
critical read: issue time	4379serve time	4577 ns
transactional read: issue time	4379serve time	4577 ns
transactional read: issue time	4379serve time	4577 ns
transactional read: issue time	4379serve time	4577 ns
critical read: issue time	4159serve time	4585 ns
transactional read: issue time	4159serve time	4585 ns
transactional read: issue time	4159serve time	4585 ns
transactional read: issue time	4159serve time	4585 ns
critical read: issue time	4399serve time	4585 ns
transactional read: issue time	4399serve time	4585 ns
transactional read: issue time	4399serve time	4585 ns
transactional read: issue time	4399serve time	4585 ns
critical read: issue time	4200serve time	4593 ns
transactional read: issue time	4200serve time	4593 ns
transactional read: issue time	4200serve time	4593 ns
transactional read: issue time	4200serve time	4593 ns
critical read: issue time	4445serve time	4593 ns
transactional read: issue time	4445serve time	4593 ns
transactional read: issue time	4445serve time	4593 ns
transactional read: issue time	4445serve time	4593 ns
critical read: issue time	4211serve time	4601 ns
transactional read: issue time	4211serve time	4601 ns
transactional read: issue time	4211serve time	4601 ns
transactional read: issue time	4211serve time	4601 ns
critical read: issue time	4465serve time	4601 ns
transactional read: issue time	4465serve time	4601 ns
transactional read: issue time	4465serve time	4601 ns
transactional read: issue time	4465serve time	4601 ns
critical read: issue time	4261serve time	4609 ns
transactional read: issue time	4261serve time	4609 ns
transactional read: issue time	4261serve time	4609 ns
transactional read: issue time	4261serve time	4609 ns
critical read: issue time	4379serve time	4609 ns
transactional read: issue time	4379serve time	4609 ns
transactional read: issue time	4379serve time	4609 ns
transactional read: issue time	4379serve time	4609 ns
critical read: issue time	4267serve time	4617 ns
transactional read: issue time	4267serve time	4617 ns
transactional read: issue time	4267serve time	4617 ns
transactional read: issue time	4267serve time	4617 ns
critical read: issue time	4476serve time	4617 ns
transactional read: issue time	4476serve time	4617 ns
transactional read: issue time	4476serve time	4617 ns
transactional read: issue time	4476serve time	4617 ns
critical read: issue time	4263serve time	4625 ns
transactional read: issue time	4263serve time	4625 ns
transactional read: issue time	4263serve time	4625 ns
transactional read: issue time	4263serve time	4625 ns
critical read: issue time	4409serve time	4625 ns
transactional read: issue time	4409serve time	4625 ns
transactional read: issue time	4409serve time	4625 ns
transactional read: issue time	4409serve time	4625 ns
critical read: issue time	4283serve time	4633 ns
transactional read: issue time	4283serve time	4633 ns
transactional read: issue time	4283serve time	4633 ns
transactional read: issue time	4283serve time	4633 ns
critical read: issue time	4433serve time	4633 ns
transactional read: issue time	4433serve time	4633 ns
transactional read: issue time	4433serve time	4633 ns
transactional read: issue time	4433serve time	4633 ns
critical read: issue time	4287serve time	4641 ns
transactional read: issue time	4287serve time	4641 ns
transactional read: issue time	4287serve time	4641 ns
transactional read: issue time	4287serve time	4641 ns
critical read: issue time	4485serve time	4641 ns
transactional read: issue time	4485serve time	4641 ns
transactional read: issue time	4485serve time	4641 ns
transactional read: issue time	4485serve time	4641 ns
critical read: issue time	4291serve time	4649 ns
transactional read: issue time	4291serve time	4649 ns
transactional read: issue time	4291serve time	4649 ns
transactional read: issue time	4291serve time	4649 ns
critical read: issue time	4487serve time	4649 ns
transactional read: issue time	4487serve time	4649 ns
transactional read: issue time	4487serve time	4649 ns
transactional read: issue time	4487serve time	4649 ns
critical read: issue time	4151serve time	4657 ns
transactional read: issue time	4151serve time	4657 ns
transactional read: issue time	4151serve time	4657 ns
transactional read: issue time	4151serve time	4657 ns
critical read: issue time	735serve time	4657 ns
transactional read: issue time	735serve time	4657 ns
transactional read: issue time	735serve time	4657 ns
transactional read: issue time	735serve time	4657 ns
transactional read: issue time	4303serve time	4665 ns
critical read: issue time	4303serve time	4665 ns
transactional read: issue time	4303serve time	4665 ns
transactional read: issue time	4303serve time	4665 ns
transactional read: issue time	815serve time	4665 ns
transactional read: issue time	815serve time	4665 ns
transactional read: issue time	815serve time	4665 ns
critical read: issue time	815serve time	4665 ns
critical read: issue time	4307serve time	4673 ns
transactional read: issue time	4307serve time	4673 ns
transactional read: issue time	4307serve time	4673 ns
transactional read: issue time	4307serve time	4673 ns
transactional read: issue time	857serve time	4673 ns
transactional read: issue time	857serve time	4673 ns
transactional read: issue time	857serve time	4673 ns
critical read: issue time	857serve time	4673 ns
critical read: issue time	4313serve time	4681 ns
transactional read: issue time	4313serve time	4681 ns
transactional read: issue time	4313serve time	4681 ns
transactional read: issue time	4313serve time	4681 ns
critical read: issue time	877serve time	4681 ns
transactional read: issue time	877serve time	4681 ns
transactional read: issue time	877serve time	4681 ns
transactional read: issue time	877serve time	4681 ns
critical read: issue time	4316serve time	4689 ns
transactional read: issue time	4316serve time	4689 ns
transactional read: issue time	4316serve time	4689 ns
transactional read: issue time	4316serve time	4689 ns
transactional read: issue time	897serve time	4689 ns
transactional read: issue time	897serve time	4689 ns
critical read: issue time	897serve time	4689 ns
transactional read: issue time	897serve time	4689 ns
critical read: issue time	4323serve time	4697 ns
transactional read: issue time	4323serve time	4697 ns
transactional read: issue time	4323serve time	4697 ns
transactional read: issue time	4323serve time	4697 ns
critical read: issue time	4537serve time	4697 ns
transactional read: issue time	4537serve time	4697 ns
transactional read: issue time	4537serve time	4697 ns
transactional read: issue time	4537serve time	4697 ns
critical read: issue time	4265serve time	4705 ns
transactional read: issue time	4265serve time	4705 ns
transactional read: issue time	4265serve time	4705 ns
transactional read: issue time	4265serve time	4705 ns
critical read: issue time	4547serve time	4705 ns
transactional read: issue time	4547serve time	4705 ns
transactional read: issue time	4547serve time	4705 ns
transactional read: issue time	4547serve time	4705 ns
critical read: issue time	4333serve time	4713 ns
transactional read: issue time	4333serve time	4713 ns
transactional read: issue time	4333serve time	4713 ns
transactional read: issue time	4333serve time	4713 ns
critical read: issue time	4549serve time	4713 ns
transactional read: issue time	4549serve time	4713 ns
transactional read: issue time	4549serve time	4713 ns
transactional read: issue time	4549serve time	4713 ns
critical read: issue time	4285serve time	4721 ns
transactional read: issue time	4285serve time	4721 ns
transactional read: issue time	4285serve time	4721 ns
transactional read: issue time	4285serve time	4721 ns
critical read: issue time	4567serve time	4721 ns
transactional read: issue time	4567serve time	4721 ns
transactional read: issue time	4567serve time	4721 ns
transactional read: issue time	4567serve time	4721 ns
critical read: issue time	4337serve time	4729 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4729 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4729 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4729 ns
critical read: issue time	4587serve time	4729 ns
transactional read: issue time	4587serve time	4729 ns
transactional read: issue time	4587serve time	4729 ns
transactional read: issue time	4587serve time	4729 ns
critical read: issue time	4337serve time	4737 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4737 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4737 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4737 ns
critical read: issue time	4589serve time	4737 ns
transactional read: issue time	4589serve time	4737 ns
transactional read: issue time	4589serve time	4737 ns
transactional read: issue time	4589serve time	4737 ns
critical read: issue time	4315serve time	4745 ns
transactional read: issue time	4315serve time	4745 ns
transactional read: issue time	4315serve time	4745 ns
transactional read: issue time	4315serve time	4745 ns
critical read: issue time	4595serve time	4745 ns
transactional read: issue time	4595serve time	4745 ns
transactional read: issue time	4595serve time	4745 ns
transactional read: issue time	4595serve time	4745 ns
critical read: issue time	4343serve time	4753 ns
transactional read: issue time	4343serve time	4753 ns
transactional read: issue time	4343serve time	4753 ns
transactional read: issue time	4343serve time	4753 ns
critical read: issue time	4591serve time	4753 ns
transactional read: issue time	4591serve time	4753 ns
transactional read: issue time	4591serve time	4753 ns
transactional read: issue time	4591serve time	4753 ns
critical read: issue time	4337serve time	4761 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4761 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4761 ns
transactional read: issue time	4337serve time	4761 ns
critical read: issue time	4609serve time	4761 ns
transactional read: issue time	4609serve time	4761 ns
transactional read: issue time	4609serve time	4761 ns
transactional read: issue time	4609serve time	4761 ns
critical read: issue time	4357serve time	4769 ns
transactional read: issue time	4357serve time	4769 ns
transactional read: issue time	4357serve time	4769 ns
transactional read: issue time	4357serve time	4769 ns
critical read: issue time	4545serve time	4769 ns
transactional read: issue time	4545serve time	4769 ns
transactional read: issue time	4545serve time	4769 ns
transactional read: issue time	4545serve time	4769 ns
critical read: issue time	4384serve time	4777 ns
transactional read: issue time	4384serve time	4777 ns
transactional read: issue time	4384serve time	4777 ns
transactional read: issue time	4384serve time	4777 ns
critical read: issue time	4617serve time	4777 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4777 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4777 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4777 ns
critical read: issue time	4445serve time	4785 ns
transactional read: issue time	4445serve time	4785 ns
transactional read: issue time	4445serve time	4785 ns
transactional read: issue time	4445serve time	4785 ns
critical read: issue time	4617serve time	4785 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4785 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4785 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4785 ns
critical read: issue time	4455serve time	4793 ns
transactional read: issue time	4455serve time	4793 ns
transactional read: issue time	4455serve time	4793 ns
transactional read: issue time	4455serve time	4793 ns
critical read: issue time	4616serve time	4793 ns
transactional read: issue time	4616serve time	4793 ns
transactional read: issue time	4616serve time	4793 ns
transactional read: issue time	4616serve time	4793 ns
critical read: issue time	4424serve time	4801 ns
transactional read: issue time	4424serve time	4801 ns
transactional read: issue time	4424serve time	4801 ns
transactional read: issue time	4424serve time	4801 ns
critical read: issue time	4565serve time	4801 ns
transactional read: issue time	4565serve time	4801 ns
transactional read: issue time	4565serve time	4801 ns
transactional read: issue time	4565serve time	4801 ns
critical read: issue time	4467serve time	4809 ns
transactional read: issue time	4467serve time	4809 ns
transactional read: issue time	4467serve time	4809 ns
transactional read: issue time	4467serve time	4809 ns
critical read: issue time	4637serve time	4809 ns
transactional read: issue time	4637serve time	4809 ns
transactional read: issue time	4637serve time	4809 ns
transactional read: issue time	4637serve time	4809 ns
critical read: issue time	4475serve time	4817 ns
transactional read: issue time	4475serve time	4817 ns
transactional read: issue time	4475serve time	4817 ns
transactional read: issue time	4475serve time	4817 ns
critical read: issue time	4595serve time	4817 ns
transactional read: issue time	4595serve time	4817 ns
transactional read: issue time	4595serve time	4817 ns
transactional read: issue time	4595serve time	4817 ns
critical read: issue time	4453serve time	4825 ns
transactional read: issue time	4453serve time	4825 ns
transactional read: issue time	4453serve time	4825 ns
transactional read: issue time	4453serve time	4825 ns
critical read: issue time	4617serve time	4825 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4825 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4825 ns
transactional read: issue time	4617serve time	4825 ns
critical read: issue time	4473serve time	4833 ns
transactional read: issue time	4473serve time	4833 ns
transactional read: issue time	4473serve time	4833 ns
transactional read: issue time	4473serve time	4833 ns
critical read: issue time	4657serve time	4833 ns
transactional read: issue time	4657serve time	4833 ns
transactional read: issue time	4657serve time	4833 ns
transactional read: issue time	4657serve time	4833 ns
critical read: issue time	755serve time	4841 ns
transactional read: issue time	755serve time	4841 ns
transactional read: issue time	755serve time	4841 ns
transactional read: issue time	755serve time	4841 ns
critical read: issue time	4660serve time	4841 ns
transactional read: issue time	4660serve time	4841 ns
transactional read: issue time	4660serve time	4841 ns
transactional read: issue time	4660serve time	4841 ns
critical read: issue time	4495serve time	4849 ns
transactional read: issue time	4495serve time	4849 ns
transactional read: issue time	4495serve time	4849 ns
transactional read: issue time	4495serve time	4849 ns
critical read: issue time	4668serve time	4849 ns
transactional read: issue time	4668serve time	4849 ns
transactional read: issue time	4668serve time	4849 ns
transactional read: issue time	4668serve time	4849 ns
critical read: issue time	4497serve time	4857 ns
transactional read: issue time	4497serve time	4857 ns
transactional read: issue time	4497serve time	4857 ns
transactional read: issue time	4497serve time	4857 ns
critical read: issue time	937serve time	4857 ns
transactional read: issue time	937serve time	4857 ns
transactional read: issue time	937serve time	4857 ns
transactional read: issue time	937serve time	4857 ns
critical read: issue time	775serve time	4865 ns
transactional read: issue time	775serve time	4865 ns
transactional read: issue time	775serve time	4865 ns
transactional read: issue time	775serve time	4865 ns
critical read: issue time	1022serve time	4865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1022serve time	4865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1022serve time	4865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1022serve time	4865 ns
critical read: issue time	4503serve time	4873 ns
transactional read: issue time	4503serve time	4873 ns
transactional read: issue time	4503serve time	4873 ns
transactional read: issue time	4503serve time	4873 ns
critical read: issue time	1065serve time	4873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1065serve time	4873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1065serve time	4873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1065serve time	4873 ns
critical read: issue time	4505serve time	4881 ns
transactional read: issue time	4505serve time	4881 ns
transactional read: issue time	4505serve time	4881 ns
transactional read: issue time	4505serve time	4881 ns
critical read: issue time	4721serve time	4881 ns
transactional read: issue time	4721serve time	4881 ns
transactional read: issue time	4721serve time	4881 ns
transactional read: issue time	4721serve time	4881 ns
critical read: issue time	4507serve time	4889 ns
transactional read: issue time	4507serve time	4889 ns
transactional read: issue time	4507serve time	4889 ns
transactional read: issue time	4507serve time	4889 ns
critical read: issue time	4735serve time	4889 ns
transactional read: issue time	4735serve time	4889 ns
transactional read: issue time	4735serve time	4889 ns
transactional read: issue time	4735serve time	4889 ns
critical read: issue time	795serve time	4897 ns
transactional read: issue time	795serve time	4897 ns
transactional read: issue time	795serve time	4897 ns
transactional read: issue time	795serve time	4897 ns
critical read: issue time	4755serve time	4897 ns
transactional read: issue time	4755serve time	4897 ns
transactional read: issue time	4755serve time	4897 ns
transactional read: issue time	4755serve time	4897 ns
critical read: issue time	837serve time	4905 ns
transactional read: issue time	837serve time	4905 ns
transactional read: issue time	837serve time	4905 ns
transactional read: issue time	837serve time	4905 ns
critical read: issue time	4773serve time	4905 ns
transactional read: issue time	4773serve time	4905 ns
transactional read: issue time	4773serve time	4905 ns
transactional read: issue time	4773serve time	4905 ns
critical read: issue time	4517serve time	4913 ns
transactional read: issue time	4517serve time	4913 ns
transactional read: issue time	4517serve time	4913 ns
transactional read: issue time	4517serve time	4913 ns
critical read: issue time	4775serve time	4913 ns
transactional read: issue time	4775serve time	4913 ns
transactional read: issue time	4775serve time	4913 ns
transactional read: issue time	4775serve time	4913 ns
critical read: issue time	4525serve time	4921 ns
transactional read: issue time	4525serve time	4921 ns
transactional read: issue time	4525serve time	4921 ns
transactional read: issue time	4525serve time	4921 ns
critical read: issue time	4793serve time	4921 ns
transactional read: issue time	4793serve time	4921 ns
transactional read: issue time	4793serve time	4921 ns
transactional read: issue time	4793serve time	4921 ns
critical read: issue time	4527serve time	4929 ns
transactional read: issue time	4527serve time	4929 ns
transactional read: issue time	4527serve time	4929 ns
transactional read: issue time	4527serve time	4929 ns
critical read: issue time	4805serve time	4929 ns
transactional read: issue time	4805serve time	4929 ns
transactional read: issue time	4805serve time	4929 ns
transactional read: issue time	4805serve time	4929 ns
critical read: issue time	4530serve time	4937 ns
transactional read: issue time	4530serve time	4937 ns
transactional read: issue time	4530serve time	4937 ns
transactional read: issue time	4530serve time	4937 ns
critical read: issue time	4797serve time	4937 ns
transactional read: issue time	4797serve time	4937 ns
transactional read: issue time	4797serve time	4937 ns
transactional read: issue time	4797serve time	4937 ns
critical read: issue time	4551serve time	4945 ns
transactional read: issue time	4551serve time	4945 ns
transactional read: issue time	4551serve time	4945 ns
transactional read: issue time	4551serve time	4945 ns
critical read: issue time	4817serve time	4945 ns
transactional read: issue time	4817serve time	4945 ns
transactional read: issue time	4817serve time	4945 ns
transactional read: issue time	4817serve time	4945 ns
critical read: issue time	4525serve time	4953 ns
transactional read: issue time	4525serve time	4953 ns
transactional read: issue time	4525serve time	4953 ns
transactional read: issue time	4525serve time	4953 ns
critical read: issue time	4843serve time	4953 ns
transactional read: issue time	4843serve time	4953 ns
transactional read: issue time	4843serve time	4953 ns
transactional read: issue time	4843serve time	4953 ns
critical read: issue time	4568serve time	4961 ns
transactional read: issue time	4568serve time	4961 ns
transactional read: issue time	4568serve time	4961 ns
transactional read: issue time	4568serve time	4961 ns
critical read: issue time	4842serve time	4961 ns
transactional read: issue time	4842serve time	4961 ns
transactional read: issue time	4842serve time	4961 ns
transactional read: issue time	4842serve time	4961 ns
critical read: issue time	4574serve time	4969 ns
transactional read: issue time	4574serve time	4969 ns
transactional read: issue time	4574serve time	4969 ns
transactional read: issue time	4574serve time	4969 ns
critical read: issue time	4783serve time	4969 ns
transactional read: issue time	4783serve time	4969 ns
transactional read: issue time	4783serve time	4969 ns
transactional read: issue time	4783serve time	4969 ns
critical read: issue time	4571serve time	4977 ns
transactional read: issue time	4571serve time	4977 ns
transactional read: issue time	4571serve time	4977 ns
transactional read: issue time	4571serve time	4977 ns
critical read: issue time	4808serve time	4977 ns
transactional read: issue time	4808serve time	4977 ns
transactional read: issue time	4808serve time	4977 ns
transactional read: issue time	4808serve time	4977 ns
critical read: issue time	4629serve time	4985 ns
transactional read: issue time	4629serve time	4985 ns
transactional read: issue time	4629serve time	4985 ns
transactional read: issue time	4629serve time	4985 ns
transactional read: issue time	4811serve time	4985 ns
transactional read: issue time	4811serve time	4985 ns
transactional read: issue time	4811serve time	4985 ns
transactional read: issue time	4811serve time	4985 ns
critical read: issue time	4641serve time	4993 ns
transactional read: issue time	4641serve time	4993 ns
transactional read: issue time	4641serve time	4993 ns
transactional read: issue time	4641serve time	4993 ns
transactional read: issue time	4838serve time	4993 ns
transactional read: issue time	4838serve time	4993 ns
transactional read: issue time	4838serve time	4993 ns
critical read: issue time	4838serve time	4993 ns
critical read: issue time	4643serve time	5001 ns
transactional read: issue time	4643serve time	5001 ns
transactional read: issue time	4643serve time	5001 ns
transactional read: issue time	4643serve time	5001 ns
transactional read: issue time	4864serve time	5001 ns
transactional read: issue time	4864serve time	5001 ns
transactional read: issue time	4864serve time	5001 ns
transactional read: issue time	4864serve time	5001 ns
critical read: issue time	4661serve time	5009 ns
transactional read: issue time	4661serve time	5009 ns
transactional read: issue time	4661serve time	5009 ns
transactional read: issue time	4661serve time	5009 ns
critical read: issue time	4901serve time	5009 ns
transactional read: issue time	4901serve time	5009 ns
transactional read: issue time	4901serve time	5009 ns
transactional read: issue time	4901serve time	5009 ns
critical read: issue time	4639serve time	5017 ns
transactional read: issue time	4639serve time	5017 ns
transactional read: issue time	4639serve time	5017 ns
transactional read: issue time	4639serve time	5017 ns
critical read: issue time	4759serve time	5017 ns
transactional read: issue time	4759serve time	5017 ns
transactional read: issue time	4759serve time	5017 ns
transactional read: issue time	4759serve time	5017 ns
critical read: issue time	4659serve time	5025 ns
transactional read: issue time	4659serve time	5025 ns
transactional read: issue time	4659serve time	5025 ns
transactional read: issue time	4659serve time	5025 ns
critical read: issue time	4779serve time	5025 ns
transactional read: issue time	4779serve time	5025 ns
transactional read: issue time	4779serve time	5025 ns
transactional read: issue time	4779serve time	5025 ns
critical read: issue time	917serve time	5033 ns
transactional read: issue time	917serve time	5033 ns
transactional read: issue time	917serve time	5033 ns
transactional read: issue time	917serve time	5033 ns
critical read: issue time	4919serve time	5033 ns
transactional read: issue time	4919serve time	5033 ns
transactional read: issue time	4919serve time	5033 ns
transactional read: issue time	4919serve time	5033 ns
transactional read: issue time	4679serve time	5041 ns
critical read: issue time	4679serve time	5041 ns
transactional read: issue time	4679serve time	5041 ns
transactional read: issue time	4679serve time	5041 ns
critical read: issue time	4925serve time	5041 ns
transactional read: issue time	4925serve time	5041 ns
transactional read: issue time	4925serve time	5041 ns
transactional read: issue time	4925serve time	5041 ns
critical read: issue time	4681serve time	5049 ns
transactional read: issue time	4681serve time	5049 ns
transactional read: issue time	4681serve time	5049 ns
transactional read: issue time	4681serve time	5049 ns
critical read: issue time	4939serve time	5049 ns
transactional read: issue time	4939serve time	5049 ns
transactional read: issue time	4939serve time	5049 ns
transactional read: issue time	4939serve time	5049 ns
critical read: issue time	4681serve time	5057 ns
transactional read: issue time	4681serve time	5057 ns
transactional read: issue time	4681serve time	5057 ns
transactional read: issue time	4681serve time	5057 ns
critical read: issue time	4948serve time	5057 ns
transactional read: issue time	4948serve time	5057 ns
transactional read: issue time	4948serve time	5057 ns
transactional read: issue time	4948serve time	5057 ns
transactional read: issue time	959serve time	5065 ns
critical read: issue time	959serve time	5065 ns
transactional read: issue time	959serve time	5065 ns
transactional read: issue time	959serve time	5065 ns
critical read: issue time	4959serve time	5065 ns
transactional read: issue time	4959serve time	5065 ns
transactional read: issue time	4959serve time	5065 ns
transactional read: issue time	4959serve time	5065 ns
critical read: issue time	979serve time	5073 ns
transactional read: issue time	979serve time	5073 ns
transactional read: issue time	979serve time	5073 ns
transactional read: issue time	979serve time	5073 ns
critical read: issue time	4989serve time	5073 ns
transactional read: issue time	4989serve time	5073 ns
transactional read: issue time	4989serve time	5073 ns
transactional read: issue time	4989serve time	5073 ns
critical read: issue time	4689serve time	5081 ns
transactional read: issue time	4689serve time	5081 ns
transactional read: issue time	4689serve time	5081 ns
transactional read: issue time	4689serve time	5081 ns
critical read: issue time	4987serve time	5081 ns
transactional read: issue time	4987serve time	5081 ns
transactional read: issue time	4987serve time	5081 ns
transactional read: issue time	4987serve time	5081 ns
critical read: issue time	4692serve time	5089 ns
transactional read: issue time	4692serve time	5089 ns
transactional read: issue time	4692serve time	5089 ns
transactional read: issue time	4692serve time	5089 ns
critical read: issue time	4959serve time	5089 ns
transactional read: issue time	4959serve time	5089 ns
transactional read: issue time	4959serve time	5089 ns
transactional read: issue time	4959serve time	5089 ns
transactional read: issue time	999serve time	5097 ns
transactional read: issue time	999serve time	5097 ns
critical read: issue time	999serve time	5097 ns
transactional read: issue time	999serve time	5097 ns
transactional read: issue time	4981serve time	5097 ns
transactional read: issue time	4981serve time	5097 ns
transactional read: issue time	4981serve time	5097 ns
critical read: issue time	4981serve time	5097 ns
critical read: issue time	4699serve time	5105 ns
transactional read: issue time	4699serve time	5105 ns
transactional read: issue time	4699serve time	5105 ns
transactional read: issue time	4699serve time	5105 ns
critical read: issue time	5001serve time	5105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5001serve time	5105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5001serve time	5105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5001serve time	5105 ns
critical read: issue time	4701serve time	5113 ns
transactional read: issue time	4701serve time	5113 ns
transactional read: issue time	4701serve time	5113 ns
transactional read: issue time	4701serve time	5113 ns
critical read: issue time	5032serve time	5113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5032serve time	5113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5032serve time	5113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5032serve time	5113 ns
critical read: issue time	1043serve time	5121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1043serve time	5121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1043serve time	5121 ns
transactional read: issue time	1043serve time	5121 ns
critical read: issue time	4816serve time	5121 ns
transactional read: issue time	4816serve time	5121 ns
transactional read: issue time	4816serve time	5121 ns
transactional read: issue time	4816serve time	5121 ns
critical read: issue time	4709serve time	5129 ns
transactional read: issue time	4709serve time	5129 ns
transactional read: issue time	4709serve time	5129 ns
transactional read: issue time	4709serve time	5129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5041serve time	5129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5041serve time	5129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5041serve time	5129 ns
critical read: issue time	5041serve time	5129 ns
critical read: issue time	4711serve time	5137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4711serve time	5137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4711serve time	5137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4711serve time	5137 ns
critical read: issue time	4837serve time	5137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4837serve time	5137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4837serve time	5137 ns
transactional read: issue time	4837serve time	5137 ns
critical read: issue time	4713serve time	5145 ns
transactional read: issue time	4713serve time	5145 ns
transactional read: issue time	4713serve time	5145 ns
transactional read: issue time	4713serve time	5145 ns
critical read: issue time	4733serve time	5153 ns
transactional read: issue time	4733serve time	5153 ns
transactional read: issue time	4733serve time	5153 ns
transactional read: issue time	4733serve time	5153 ns
critical read: issue time	5079serve time	5153 ns
transactional read: issue time	5079serve time	5153 ns
transactional read: issue time	5079serve time	5153 ns
transactional read: issue time	5079serve time	5153 ns
critical read: issue time	4719serve time	5161 ns
transactional read: issue time	4719serve time	5161 ns
transactional read: issue time	4719serve time	5161 ns
transactional read: issue time	4719serve time	5161 ns
critical read: issue time	5081serve time	5161 ns
transactional read: issue time	5081serve time	5161 ns
transactional read: issue time	5081serve time	5161 ns
transactional read: issue time	5081serve time	5161 ns
critical read: issue time	4752serve time	5169 ns
transactional read: issue time	4752serve time	5169 ns
transactional read: issue time	4752serve time	5169 ns
transactional read: issue time	4752serve time	5169 ns
critical read: issue time	4757serve time	5177 ns
transactional read: issue time	4757serve time	5177 ns
transactional read: issue time	4757serve time	5177 ns
transactional read: issue time	4757serve time	5177 ns
critical read: issue time	4813serve time	5185 ns
transactional read: issue time	4813serve time	5185 ns
transactional read: issue time	4813serve time	5185 ns
transactional read: issue time	4813serve time	5185 ns
transactional read: issue time	4777serve time	5193 ns
transactional read: issue time	4777serve time	5193 ns
critical read: issue time	4777serve time	5193 ns
transactional read: issue time	4777serve time	5193 ns
critical read: issue time	4826serve time	5201 ns
transactional read: issue time	4826serve time	5201 ns
transactional read: issue time	4826serve time	5201 ns
transactional read: issue time	4826serve time	5201 ns
critical read: issue time	5109serve time	5201 ns
transactional read: issue time	5109serve time	5201 ns
transactional read: issue time	5109serve time	5201 ns
transactional read: issue time	5109serve time	5201 ns
critical read: issue time	4753serve time	5209 ns
transactional read: issue time	4753serve time	5209 ns
transactional read: issue time	4753serve time	5209 ns
transactional read: issue time	4753serve time	5209 ns
critical read: issue time	4847serve time	5217 ns
transactional read: issue time	4847serve time	5217 ns
transactional read: issue time	4847serve time	5217 ns
transactional read: issue time	4847serve time	5217 ns
transactional read: issue time	4863serve time	5225 ns
transactional read: issue time	4863serve time	5225 ns
critical read: issue time	4863serve time	5225 ns
transactional read: issue time	4863serve time	5225 ns
critical read: issue time	4811serve time	5233 ns
transactional read: issue time	4811serve time	5233 ns
transactional read: issue time	4811serve time	5233 ns
transactional read: issue time	4811serve time	5233 ns
critical read: issue time	4867serve time	5241 ns
transactional read: issue time	4867serve time	5241 ns
transactional read: issue time	4867serve time	5241 ns
transactional read: issue time	4867serve time	5241 ns
critical read: issue time	5139serve time	5241 ns
transactional read: issue time	5139serve time	5241 ns
transactional read: issue time	5139serve time	5241 ns
transactional read: issue time	5139serve time	5241 ns
critical read: issue time	4869serve time	5249 ns
transactional read: issue time	4869serve time	5249 ns
transactional read: issue time	4869serve time	5249 ns
transactional read: issue time	4869serve time	5249 ns
transactional read: issue time	4829serve time	5257 ns
transactional read: issue time	4829serve time	5257 ns
transactional read: issue time	4829serve time	5257 ns
critical read: issue time	4829serve time	5257 ns
critical read: issue time	5159serve time	5257 ns
transactional read: issue time	5159serve time	5257 ns
transactional read: issue time	5159serve time	5257 ns
transactional read: issue time	5159serve time	5257 ns
transactional read: issue time	4838serve time	5265 ns
transactional read: issue time	4838serve time	5265 ns
transactional read: issue time	4838serve time	5265 ns
transactional read: issue time	4838serve time	5265 ns
critical read: issue time	5158serve time	5265 ns
transactional read: issue time	5158serve time	5265 ns
transactional read: issue time	5158serve time	5265 ns
transactional read: issue time	5158serve time	5265 ns
critical read: issue time	4860serve time	5273 ns
transactional read: issue time	4860serve time	5273 ns
transactional read: issue time	4860serve time	5273 ns
transactional read: issue time	4860serve time	5273 ns
critical read: issue time	5123serve time	5273 ns
transactional read: issue time	5123serve time	5273 ns
transactional read: issue time	5123serve time	5273 ns
transactional read: issue time	5123serve time	5273 ns
critical read: issue time	4885serve time	5281 ns
transactional read: issue time	4885serve time	5281 ns
transactional read: issue time	4885serve time	5281 ns
transactional read: issue time	4885serve time	5281 ns
critical read: issue time	5173serve time	5281 ns
transactional read: issue time	5173serve time	5281 ns
transactional read: issue time	5173serve time	5281 ns
transactional read: issue time	5173serve time	5281 ns
critical read: issue time	4864serve time	5289 ns
transactional read: issue time	4864serve time	5289 ns
transactional read: issue time	4864serve time	5289 ns
transactional read: issue time	4864serve time	5289 ns
critical read: issue time	5201serve time	5289 ns
transactional read: issue time	5201serve time	5289 ns
transactional read: issue time	5201serve time	5289 ns
transactional read: issue time	5201serve time	5289 ns
critical read: issue time	4886serve time	5297 ns
transactional read: issue time	4886serve time	5297 ns
transactional read: issue time	4886serve time	5297 ns
transactional read: issue time	4886serve time	5297 ns
critical read: issue time	5213serve time	5297 ns
transactional read: issue time	5213serve time	5297 ns
transactional read: issue time	5213serve time	5297 ns
transactional read: issue time	5213serve time	5297 ns
critical read: issue time	4897serve time	5305 ns
transactional read: issue time	4897serve time	5305 ns
transactional read: issue time	4897serve time	5305 ns
transactional read: issue time	4897serve time	5305 ns
critical read: issue time	5233serve time	5305 ns
transactional read: issue time	5233serve time	5305 ns
transactional read: issue time	5233serve time	5305 ns
transactional read: issue time	5233serve time	5305 ns
transactional read: issue time	4905serve time	5313 ns
transactional read: issue time	4905serve time	5313 ns
critical read: issue time	4905serve time	5313 ns
transactional read: issue time	4905serve time	5313 ns
critical read: issue time	5204serve time	5313 ns
transactional read: issue time	5204serve time	5313 ns
transactional read: issue time	5204serve time	5313 ns
transactional read: issue time	5204serve time	5313 ns
critical read: issue time	4739serve time	5321 ns
transactional read: issue time	4739serve time	5321 ns
transactional read: issue time	4739serve time	5321 ns
transactional read: issue time	4739serve time	5321 ns
transactional read: issue time	4917serve time	5329 ns
critical read: issue time	4917serve time	5329 ns
transactional read: issue time	4917serve time	5329 ns
transactional read: issue time	4917serve time	5329 ns
critical read: issue time	5255serve time	5329 ns
transactional read: issue time	5255serve time	5329 ns
transactional read: issue time	5255serve time	5329 ns
transactional read: issue time	5255serve time	5329 ns
critical read: issue time	4945serve time	5337 ns
transactional read: issue time	4945serve time	5337 ns
transactional read: issue time	4945serve time	5337 ns
transactional read: issue time	4945serve time	5337 ns
transactional read: issue time	4965serve time	5345 ns
transactional read: issue time	4965serve time	5345 ns
critical read: issue time	4965serve time	5345 ns
transactional read: issue time	4965serve time	5345 ns
critical read: issue time	5223serve time	5345 ns
transactional read: issue time	5223serve time	5345 ns
transactional read: issue time	5223serve time	5345 ns
transactional read: issue time	5223serve time	5345 ns
critical read: issue time	4979serve time	5353 ns
transactional read: issue time	4979serve time	5353 ns
transactional read: issue time	4979serve time	5353 ns
transactional read: issue time	4979serve time	5353 ns
critical read: issue time	5245serve time	5353 ns
transactional read: issue time	5245serve time	5353 ns
transactional read: issue time	5245serve time	5353 ns
transactional read: issue time	5245serve time	5353 ns
transactional read: issue time	4999serve time	5361 ns
transactional read: issue time	4999serve time	5361 ns
critical read: issue time	4999serve time	5361 ns
transactional read: issue time	4999serve time	5361 ns
critical read: issue time	5010serve time	5369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5010serve time	5369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5010serve time	5369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5010serve time	5369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5265serve time	5369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5265serve time	5369 ns
critical read: issue time	5265serve time	5369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5265serve time	5369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5007serve time	5377 ns
transactional read: issue time	5007serve time	5377 ns
transactional read: issue time	5007serve time	5377 ns
critical read: issue time	5007serve time	5377 ns
critical read: issue time	5285serve time	5377 ns
transactional read: issue time	5285serve time	5377 ns
transactional read: issue time	5285serve time	5377 ns
transactional read: issue time	5285serve time	5377 ns
critical read: issue time	4937serve time	5385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4937serve time	5385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4937serve time	5385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4937serve time	5385 ns
critical read: issue time	4949serve time	5385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4949serve time	5385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4949serve time	5385 ns
transactional read: issue time	4949serve time	5385 ns
critical read: issue time	5019serve time	5393 ns
transactional read: issue time	5019serve time	5393 ns
transactional read: issue time	5019serve time	5393 ns
transactional read: issue time	5019serve time	5393 ns
critical read: issue time	5031serve time	5401 ns
transactional read: issue time	5031serve time	5401 ns
transactional read: issue time	5031serve time	5401 ns
transactional read: issue time	5031serve time	5401 ns
critical read: issue time	5310serve time	5401 ns
transactional read: issue time	5310serve time	5401 ns
transactional read: issue time	5310serve time	5401 ns
transactional read: issue time	5310serve time	5401 ns
critical read: issue time	5021serve time	5409 ns
transactional read: issue time	5021serve time	5409 ns
transactional read: issue time	5021serve time	5409 ns
transactional read: issue time	5021serve time	5409 ns
transactional read: issue time	5333serve time	5409 ns
transactional read: issue time	5333serve time	5409 ns
critical read: issue time	5333serve time	5409 ns
transactional read: issue time	5333serve time	5409 ns
critical read: issue time	5039serve time	5417 ns
transactional read: issue time	5039serve time	5417 ns
transactional read: issue time	5039serve time	5417 ns
transactional read: issue time	5039serve time	5417 ns
critical read: issue time	5305serve time	5417 ns
transactional read: issue time	5305serve time	5417 ns
transactional read: issue time	5305serve time	5417 ns
transactional read: issue time	5305serve time	5417 ns
critical read: issue time	5051serve time	5425 ns
transactional read: issue time	5051serve time	5425 ns
transactional read: issue time	5051serve time	5425 ns
transactional read: issue time	5051serve time	5425 ns
critical read: issue time	5345serve time	5425 ns
transactional read: issue time	5345serve time	5425 ns
transactional read: issue time	5345serve time	5425 ns
transactional read: issue time	5345serve time	5425 ns
critical read: issue time	5053serve time	5433 ns
transactional read: issue time	5053serve time	5433 ns
transactional read: issue time	5053serve time	5433 ns
transactional read: issue time	5053serve time	5433 ns
critical read: issue time	5353serve time	5433 ns
transactional read: issue time	5353serve time	5433 ns
transactional read: issue time	5353serve time	5433 ns
transactional read: issue time	5353serve time	5433 ns
transactional read: issue time	5059serve time	5441 ns
critical read: issue time	5059serve time	5441 ns
transactional read: issue time	5059serve time	5441 ns
transactional read: issue time	5059serve time	5441 ns
critical read: issue time	5373serve time	5441 ns
transactional read: issue time	5373serve time	5441 ns
transactional read: issue time	5373serve time	5441 ns
transactional read: issue time	5373serve time	5441 ns
critical read: issue time	5061serve time	5449 ns
transactional read: issue time	5061serve time	5449 ns
transactional read: issue time	5061serve time	5449 ns
transactional read: issue time	5061serve time	5449 ns
critical read: issue time	5356serve time	5449 ns
transactional read: issue time	5356serve time	5449 ns
transactional read: issue time	5356serve time	5449 ns
transactional read: issue time	5356serve time	5449 ns
transactional read: issue time	5071serve time	5457 ns
critical read: issue time	5071serve time	5457 ns
transactional read: issue time	5071serve time	5457 ns
transactional read: issue time	5071serve time	5457 ns
critical read: issue time	4971serve time	5457 ns
transactional read: issue time	4971serve time	5457 ns
transactional read: issue time	4971serve time	5457 ns
transactional read: issue time	4971serve time	5457 ns
critical read: issue time	5073serve time	5465 ns
transactional read: issue time	5073serve time	5465 ns
transactional read: issue time	5073serve time	5465 ns
transactional read: issue time	5073serve time	5465 ns
critical read: issue time	5385serve time	5465 ns
transactional read: issue time	5385serve time	5465 ns
transactional read: issue time	5385serve time	5465 ns
transactional read: issue time	5385serve time	5465 ns
transactional read: issue time	5093serve time	5473 ns
critical read: issue time	5093serve time	5473 ns
transactional read: issue time	5093serve time	5473 ns
transactional read: issue time	5093serve time	5473 ns
transactional read: issue time	5393serve time	5473 ns
critical read: issue time	5393serve time	5473 ns
transactional read: issue time	5393serve time	5473 ns
transactional read: issue time	5393serve time	5473 ns
critical read: issue time	4857serve time	5481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4857serve time	5481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4857serve time	5481 ns
transactional read: issue time	4857serve time	5481 ns
critical read: issue time	5407serve time	5481 ns
transactional read: issue time	5407serve time	5481 ns
transactional read: issue time	5407serve time	5481 ns
transactional read: issue time	5407serve time	5481 ns
critical read: issue time	4877serve time	5489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4877serve time	5489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4877serve time	5489 ns
transactional read: issue time	4877serve time	5489 ns
critical read: issue time	5407serve time	5489 ns
transactional read: issue time	5407serve time	5489 ns
transactional read: issue time	5407serve time	5489 ns
transactional read: issue time	5407serve time	5489 ns
critical read: issue time	5099serve time	5497 ns
transactional read: issue time	5099serve time	5497 ns
transactional read: issue time	5099serve time	5497 ns
transactional read: issue time	5099serve time	5497 ns
critical read: issue time	5413serve time	5497 ns
transactional read: issue time	5413serve time	5497 ns
transactional read: issue time	5413serve time	5497 ns
transactional read: issue time	5413serve time	5497 ns
critical read: issue time	5101serve time	5505 ns
transactional read: issue time	5101serve time	5505 ns
transactional read: issue time	5101serve time	5505 ns
transactional read: issue time	5101serve time	5505 ns
critical read: issue time	5008serve time	5505 ns
transactional read: issue time	5008serve time	5505 ns
transactional read: issue time	5008serve time	5505 ns
transactional read: issue time	5008serve time	5505 ns
critical read: issue time	4907serve time	5513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4907serve time	5513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4907serve time	5513 ns
transactional read: issue time	4907serve time	5513 ns
critical read: issue time	5029serve time	5513 ns
transactional read: issue time	5029serve time	5513 ns
transactional read: issue time	5029serve time	5513 ns
transactional read: issue time	5029serve time	5513 ns
critical read: issue time	5113serve time	5521 ns
transactional read: issue time	5113serve time	5521 ns
transactional read: issue time	5113serve time	5521 ns
transactional read: issue time	5113serve time	5521 ns
transactional read: issue time	5429serve time	5521 ns
transactional read: issue time	5429serve time	5521 ns
critical read: issue time	5429serve time	5521 ns
transactional read: issue time	5429serve time	5521 ns
critical read: issue time	4929serve time	5529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4929serve time	5529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4929serve time	5529 ns
transactional read: issue time	4929serve time	5529 ns
transactional read: issue time	5433serve time	5529 ns
transactional read: issue time	5433serve time	5529 ns
critical read: issue time	5433serve time	5529 ns
transactional read: issue time	5433serve time	5529 ns
critical read: issue time	5119serve time	5537 ns
transactional read: issue time	5119serve time	5537 ns
transactional read: issue time	5119serve time	5537 ns
transactional read: issue time	5119serve time	5537 ns
critical read: issue time	5141serve time	5537 ns
transactional read: issue time	5141serve time	5537 ns
transactional read: issue time	5141serve time	5537 ns
transactional read: issue time	5141serve time	5537 ns
critical read: issue time	5133serve time	5545 ns
transactional read: issue time	5133serve time	5545 ns
transactional read: issue time	5133serve time	5545 ns
transactional read: issue time	5133serve time	5545 ns
critical read: issue time	5161serve time	5545 ns
transactional read: issue time	5161serve time	5545 ns
transactional read: issue time	5161serve time	5545 ns
transactional read: issue time	5161serve time	5545 ns
critical read: issue time	5129serve time	5553 ns
transactional read: issue time	5129serve time	5553 ns
transactional read: issue time	5129serve time	5553 ns
transactional read: issue time	5129serve time	5553 ns
critical read: issue time	5462serve time	5553 ns
transactional read: issue time	5462serve time	5553 ns
transactional read: issue time	5462serve time	5553 ns
transactional read: issue time	5462serve time	5553 ns
critical read: issue time	5153serve time	5561 ns
transactional read: issue time	5153serve time	5561 ns
transactional read: issue time	5153serve time	5561 ns
transactional read: issue time	5153serve time	5561 ns
critical read: issue time	5449serve time	5561 ns
transactional read: issue time	5449serve time	5561 ns
transactional read: issue time	5449serve time	5561 ns
transactional read: issue time	5449serve time	5561 ns
critical read: issue time	5181serve time	5569 ns
transactional read: issue time	5181serve time	5569 ns
transactional read: issue time	5181serve time	5569 ns
transactional read: issue time	5181serve time	5569 ns
critical read: issue time	5197serve time	5569 ns
transactional read: issue time	5197serve time	5569 ns
transactional read: issue time	5197serve time	5569 ns
transactional read: issue time	5197serve time	5569 ns
critical read: issue time	5179serve time	5577 ns
transactional read: issue time	5179serve time	5577 ns
transactional read: issue time	5179serve time	5577 ns
transactional read: issue time	5179serve time	5577 ns
critical read: issue time	5217serve time	5577 ns
transactional read: issue time	5217serve time	5577 ns
transactional read: issue time	5217serve time	5577 ns
transactional read: issue time	5217serve time	5577 ns
transactional read: issue time	5193serve time	5585 ns
critical read: issue time	5193serve time	5585 ns
transactional read: issue time	5193serve time	5585 ns
transactional read: issue time	5193serve time	5585 ns
critical read: issue time	5487serve time	5585 ns
transactional read: issue time	5487serve time	5585 ns
transactional read: issue time	5487serve time	5585 ns
transactional read: issue time	5487serve time	5585 ns
transactional read: issue time	5143serve time	5593 ns
critical read: issue time	5143serve time	5593 ns
transactional read: issue time	5143serve time	5593 ns
transactional read: issue time	5143serve time	5593 ns
critical read: issue time	5507serve time	5593 ns
transactional read: issue time	5507serve time	5593 ns
transactional read: issue time	5507serve time	5593 ns
transactional read: issue time	5507serve time	5593 ns
critical read: issue time	5226serve time	5601 ns
transactional read: issue time	5226serve time	5601 ns
transactional read: issue time	5226serve time	5601 ns
transactional read: issue time	5226serve time	5601 ns
critical read: issue time	5508serve time	5601 ns
transactional read: issue time	5508serve time	5601 ns
transactional read: issue time	5508serve time	5601 ns
transactional read: issue time	5508serve time	5601 ns
critical read: issue time	5234serve time	5609 ns
transactional read: issue time	5234serve time	5609 ns
transactional read: issue time	5234serve time	5609 ns
transactional read: issue time	5234serve time	5609 ns
transactional read: issue time	5509serve time	5609 ns
critical read: issue time	5509serve time	5609 ns
transactional read: issue time	5509serve time	5609 ns
transactional read: issue time	5509serve time	5609 ns
critical read: issue time	5163serve time	5617 ns
transactional read: issue time	5163serve time	5617 ns
transactional read: issue time	5163serve time	5617 ns
transactional read: issue time	5163serve time	5617 ns
transactional read: issue time	5527serve time	5617 ns
critical read: issue time	5527serve time	5617 ns
transactional read: issue time	5527serve time	5617 ns
transactional read: issue time	5527serve time	5617 ns
transactional read: issue time	5253serve time	5625 ns
transactional read: issue time	5253serve time	5625 ns
transactional read: issue time	5253serve time	5625 ns
critical read: issue time	5253serve time	5625 ns
critical read: issue time	5320serve time	5625 ns
transactional read: issue time	5320serve time	5625 ns
transactional read: issue time	5320serve time	5625 ns
transactional read: issue time	5320serve time	5625 ns
critical read: issue time	5247serve time	5633 ns
transactional read: issue time	5247serve time	5633 ns
transactional read: issue time	5247serve time	5633 ns
transactional read: issue time	5247serve time	5633 ns
transactional read: issue time	5537serve time	5633 ns
transactional read: issue time	5537serve time	5633 ns
transactional read: issue time	5537serve time	5633 ns
critical read: issue time	5537serve time	5633 ns
critical read: issue time	5183serve time	5641 ns
transactional read: issue time	5183serve time	5641 ns
transactional read: issue time	5183serve time	5641 ns
transactional read: issue time	5183serve time	5641 ns
critical read: issue time	5547serve time	5641 ns
transactional read: issue time	5547serve time	5641 ns
transactional read: issue time	5547serve time	5641 ns
transactional read: issue time	5547serve time	5641 ns
critical read: issue time	5203serve time	5649 ns
transactional read: issue time	5203serve time	5649 ns
transactional read: issue time	5203serve time	5649 ns
transactional read: issue time	5203serve time	5649 ns
critical read: issue time	5559serve time	5649 ns
transactional read: issue time	5559serve time	5649 ns
transactional read: issue time	5559serve time	5649 ns
transactional read: issue time	5559serve time	5649 ns
critical read: issue time	5273serve time	5657 ns
transactional read: issue time	5273serve time	5657 ns
transactional read: issue time	5273serve time	5657 ns
transactional read: issue time	5273serve time	5657 ns
critical read: issue time	5567serve time	5657 ns
transactional read: issue time	5567serve time	5657 ns
transactional read: issue time	5567serve time	5657 ns
transactional read: issue time	5567serve time	5657 ns
critical read: issue time	5281serve time	5665 ns
transactional read: issue time	5281serve time	5665 ns
transactional read: issue time	5281serve time	5665 ns
transactional read: issue time	5281serve time	5665 ns
transactional read: issue time	5553serve time	5665 ns
transactional read: issue time	5553serve time	5665 ns
critical read: issue time	5553serve time	5665 ns
transactional read: issue time	5553serve time	5665 ns
critical read: issue time	5280serve time	5673 ns
transactional read: issue time	5280serve time	5673 ns
transactional read: issue time	5280serve time	5673 ns
transactional read: issue time	5280serve time	5673 ns
critical read: issue time	5577serve time	5673 ns
transactional read: issue time	5577serve time	5673 ns
transactional read: issue time	5577serve time	5673 ns
transactional read: issue time	5577serve time	5673 ns
transactional read: issue time	5293serve time	5681 ns
transactional read: issue time	5293serve time	5681 ns
transactional read: issue time	5293serve time	5681 ns
critical read: issue time	5293serve time	5681 ns
critical read: issue time	5575serve time	5681 ns
transactional read: issue time	5575serve time	5681 ns
transactional read: issue time	5575serve time	5681 ns
transactional read: issue time	5575serve time	5681 ns
critical read: issue time	5305serve time	5689 ns
transactional read: issue time	5305serve time	5689 ns
transactional read: issue time	5305serve time	5689 ns
transactional read: issue time	5305serve time	5689 ns
critical read: issue time	5375serve time	5689 ns
transactional read: issue time	5375serve time	5689 ns
transactional read: issue time	5375serve time	5689 ns
transactional read: issue time	5375serve time	5689 ns
critical read: issue time	5313serve time	5697 ns
transactional read: issue time	5313serve time	5697 ns
transactional read: issue time	5313serve time	5697 ns
transactional read: issue time	5313serve time	5697 ns
transactional read: issue time	5607serve time	5697 ns
critical read: issue time	5607serve time	5697 ns
transactional read: issue time	5607serve time	5697 ns
transactional read: issue time	5607serve time	5697 ns
critical read: issue time	5325serve time	5705 ns
transactional read: issue time	5325serve time	5705 ns
transactional read: issue time	5325serve time	5705 ns
transactional read: issue time	5325serve time	5705 ns
critical read: issue time	5614serve time	5705 ns
transactional read: issue time	5614serve time	5705 ns
transactional read: issue time	5614serve time	5705 ns
transactional read: issue time	5614serve time	5705 ns
critical read: issue time	5331serve time	5713 ns
transactional read: issue time	5331serve time	5713 ns
transactional read: issue time	5331serve time	5713 ns
transactional read: issue time	5331serve time	5713 ns
critical read: issue time	5621serve time	5713 ns
transactional read: issue time	5621serve time	5713 ns
transactional read: issue time	5621serve time	5713 ns
transactional read: issue time	5621serve time	5713 ns
critical read: issue time	5325serve time	5721 ns
transactional read: issue time	5325serve time	5721 ns
transactional read: issue time	5325serve time	5721 ns
transactional read: issue time	5325serve time	5721 ns
critical read: issue time	5615serve time	5721 ns
transactional read: issue time	5615serve time	5721 ns
transactional read: issue time	5615serve time	5721 ns
transactional read: issue time	5615serve time	5721 ns
transactional read: issue time	5347serve time	5729 ns
transactional read: issue time	5347serve time	5729 ns
transactional read: issue time	5347serve time	5729 ns
critical read: issue time	5347serve time	5729 ns
critical read: issue time	5641serve time	5729 ns
transactional read: issue time	5641serve time	5729 ns
transactional read: issue time	5641serve time	5729 ns
transactional read: issue time	5641serve time	5729 ns
transactional read: issue time	5365serve time	5737 ns
critical read: issue time	5365serve time	5737 ns
transactional read: issue time	5365serve time	5737 ns
transactional read: issue time	5365serve time	5737 ns
transactional read: issue time	5647serve time	5737 ns
critical read: issue time	5647serve time	5737 ns
transactional read: issue time	5647serve time	5737 ns
transactional read: issue time	5647serve time	5737 ns
critical read: issue time	5367serve time	5745 ns
transactional read: issue time	5367serve time	5745 ns
transactional read: issue time	5367serve time	5745 ns
transactional read: issue time	5367serve time	5745 ns
critical read: issue time	5660serve time	5745 ns
transactional read: issue time	5660serve time	5745 ns
transactional read: issue time	5660serve time	5745 ns
transactional read: issue time	5660serve time	5745 ns
critical read: issue time	5386serve time	5753 ns
transactional read: issue time	5386serve time	5753 ns
transactional read: issue time	5386serve time	5753 ns
transactional read: issue time	5386serve time	5753 ns
critical read: issue time	5667serve time	5753 ns
transactional read: issue time	5667serve time	5753 ns
transactional read: issue time	5667serve time	5753 ns
transactional read: issue time	5667serve time	5753 ns
transactional read: issue time	5387serve time	5761 ns
transactional read: issue time	5387serve time	5761 ns
transactional read: issue time	5387serve time	5761 ns
critical read: issue time	5387serve time	5761 ns
critical read: issue time	5515serve time	5761 ns
transactional read: issue time	5515serve time	5761 ns
transactional read: issue time	5515serve time	5761 ns
transactional read: issue time	5515serve time	5761 ns
critical read: issue time	5405serve time	5769 ns
transactional read: issue time	5405serve time	5769 ns
transactional read: issue time	5405serve time	5769 ns
transactional read: issue time	5405serve time	5769 ns
critical read: issue time	5557serve time	5769 ns
transactional read: issue time	5557serve time	5769 ns
transactional read: issue time	5557serve time	5769 ns
transactional read: issue time	5557serve time	5769 ns
critical read: issue time	5425serve time	5777 ns
transactional read: issue time	5425serve time	5777 ns
transactional read: issue time	5425serve time	5777 ns
transactional read: issue time	5425serve time	5777 ns
critical read: issue time	5577serve time	5777 ns
transactional read: issue time	5577serve time	5777 ns
transactional read: issue time	5577serve time	5777 ns
transactional read: issue time	5577serve time	5777 ns
critical read: issue time	5432serve time	5785 ns
transactional read: issue time	5432serve time	5785 ns
transactional read: issue time	5432serve time	5785 ns
transactional read: issue time	5432serve time	5785 ns
critical read: issue time	5691serve time	5785 ns
transactional read: issue time	5691serve time	5785 ns
transactional read: issue time	5691serve time	5785 ns
transactional read: issue time	5691serve time	5785 ns
critical read: issue time	5049serve time	5793 ns
transactional read: issue time	5049serve time	5793 ns
transactional read: issue time	5049serve time	5793 ns
transactional read: issue time	5049serve time	5793 ns
critical read: issue time	5707serve time	5793 ns
transactional read: issue time	5707serve time	5793 ns
transactional read: issue time	5707serve time	5793 ns
transactional read: issue time	5707serve time	5793 ns
critical read: issue time	5069serve time	5801 ns
transactional read: issue time	5069serve time	5801 ns
transactional read: issue time	5069serve time	5801 ns
transactional read: issue time	5069serve time	5801 ns
critical read: issue time	5711serve time	5801 ns
transactional read: issue time	5711serve time	5801 ns
transactional read: issue time	5711serve time	5801 ns
transactional read: issue time	5711serve time	5801 ns
critical read: issue time	5099serve time	5809 ns
transactional read: issue time	5099serve time	5809 ns
transactional read: issue time	5099serve time	5809 ns
transactional read: issue time	5099serve time	5809 ns
transactional read: issue time	5731serve time	5809 ns
critical read: issue time	5731serve time	5809 ns
transactional read: issue time	5731serve time	5809 ns
transactional read: issue time	5731serve time	5809 ns
critical read: issue time	5121serve time	5817 ns
transactional read: issue time	5121serve time	5817 ns
transactional read: issue time	5121serve time	5817 ns
transactional read: issue time	5121serve time	5817 ns
transactional read: issue time	5727serve time	5817 ns
transactional read: issue time	5727serve time	5817 ns
transactional read: issue time	5727serve time	5817 ns
critical read: issue time	5727serve time	5817 ns
critical read: issue time	5447serve time	5825 ns
transactional read: issue time	5447serve time	5825 ns
transactional read: issue time	5447serve time	5825 ns
transactional read: issue time	5447serve time	5825 ns
critical read: issue time	5751serve time	5825 ns
transactional read: issue time	5751serve time	5825 ns
transactional read: issue time	5751serve time	5825 ns
transactional read: issue time	5751serve time	5825 ns
critical read: issue time	5456serve time	5833 ns
transactional read: issue time	5456serve time	5833 ns
transactional read: issue time	5456serve time	5833 ns
transactional read: issue time	5456serve time	5833 ns
critical read: issue time	5717serve time	5833 ns
transactional read: issue time	5717serve time	5833 ns
transactional read: issue time	5717serve time	5833 ns
transactional read: issue time	5717serve time	5833 ns
critical read: issue time	5467serve time	5841 ns
transactional read: issue time	5467serve time	5841 ns
transactional read: issue time	5467serve time	5841 ns
transactional read: issue time	5467serve time	5841 ns
critical read: issue time	5766serve time	5841 ns
transactional read: issue time	5766serve time	5841 ns
transactional read: issue time	5766serve time	5841 ns
transactional read: issue time	5766serve time	5841 ns
critical read: issue time	5469serve time	5849 ns
transactional read: issue time	5469serve time	5849 ns
transactional read: issue time	5469serve time	5849 ns
transactional read: issue time	5469serve time	5849 ns
critical read: issue time	5737serve time	5849 ns
transactional read: issue time	5737serve time	5849 ns
transactional read: issue time	5737serve time	5849 ns
transactional read: issue time	5737serve time	5849 ns
critical read: issue time	5242serve time	5857 ns
transactional read: issue time	5242serve time	5857 ns
transactional read: issue time	5242serve time	5857 ns
transactional read: issue time	5242serve time	5857 ns
critical read: issue time	5771serve time	5857 ns
transactional read: issue time	5771serve time	5857 ns
transactional read: issue time	5771serve time	5857 ns
transactional read: issue time	5771serve time	5857 ns
critical read: issue time	5477serve time	5865 ns
transactional read: issue time	5477serve time	5865 ns
transactional read: issue time	5477serve time	5865 ns
transactional read: issue time	5477serve time	5865 ns
critical read: issue time	5777serve time	5865 ns
transactional read: issue time	5777serve time	5865 ns
transactional read: issue time	5777serve time	5865 ns
transactional read: issue time	5777serve time	5865 ns
critical read: issue time	5294serve time	5873 ns
transactional read: issue time	5294serve time	5873 ns
transactional read: issue time	5294serve time	5873 ns
transactional read: issue time	5294serve time	5873 ns
transactional read: issue time	5791serve time	5873 ns
transactional read: issue time	5791serve time	5873 ns
transactional read: issue time	5791serve time	5873 ns
critical read: issue time	5791serve time	5873 ns
critical read: issue time	5483serve time	5881 ns
transactional read: issue time	5483serve time	5881 ns
transactional read: issue time	5483serve time	5881 ns
transactional read: issue time	5483serve time	5881 ns
critical read: issue time	5797serve time	5881 ns
transactional read: issue time	5797serve time	5881 ns
transactional read: issue time	5797serve time	5881 ns
transactional read: issue time	5797serve time	5881 ns
critical read: issue time	5497serve time	5889 ns
transactional read: issue time	5497serve time	5889 ns
transactional read: issue time	5497serve time	5889 ns
transactional read: issue time	5497serve time	5889 ns
critical read: issue time	5637serve time	5889 ns
transactional read: issue time	5637serve time	5889 ns
transactional read: issue time	5637serve time	5889 ns
transactional read: issue time	5637serve time	5889 ns
critical read: issue time	5489serve time	5897 ns
transactional read: issue time	5489serve time	5897 ns
transactional read: issue time	5489serve time	5897 ns
transactional read: issue time	5489serve time	5897 ns
critical read: issue time	5811serve time	5897 ns
transactional read: issue time	5811serve time	5897 ns
transactional read: issue time	5811serve time	5897 ns
transactional read: issue time	5811serve time	5897 ns
critical read: issue time	5517serve time	5905 ns
transactional read: issue time	5517serve time	5905 ns
transactional read: issue time	5517serve time	5905 ns
transactional read: issue time	5517serve time	5905 ns
critical read: issue time	5812serve time	5905 ns
transactional read: issue time	5812serve time	5905 ns
transactional read: issue time	5812serve time	5905 ns
transactional read: issue time	5812serve time	5905 ns
critical read: issue time	5533serve time	5913 ns
transactional read: issue time	5533serve time	5913 ns
transactional read: issue time	5533serve time	5913 ns
transactional read: issue time	5533serve time	5913 ns
transactional read: issue time	5697serve time	5913 ns
transactional read: issue time	5697serve time	5913 ns
transactional read: issue time	5697serve time	5913 ns
critical read: issue time	5697serve time	5913 ns
critical read: issue time	5538serve time	5921 ns
transactional read: issue time	5538serve time	5921 ns
transactional read: issue time	5538serve time	5921 ns
transactional read: issue time	5538serve time	5921 ns
critical read: issue time	5717serve time	5921 ns
transactional read: issue time	5717serve time	5921 ns
transactional read: issue time	5717serve time	5921 ns
transactional read: issue time	5717serve time	5921 ns
transactional read: issue time	5354serve time	5929 ns
transactional read: issue time	5354serve time	5929 ns
critical read: issue time	5354serve time	5929 ns
transactional read: issue time	5354serve time	5929 ns
critical read: issue time	5827serve time	5929 ns
transactional read: issue time	5827serve time	5929 ns
transactional read: issue time	5827serve time	5929 ns
transactional read: issue time	5827serve time	5929 ns
critical read: issue time	5557serve time	5937 ns
transactional read: issue time	5557serve time	5937 ns
transactional read: issue time	5557serve time	5937 ns
transactional read: issue time	5557serve time	5937 ns
critical read: issue time	5837serve time	5937 ns
transactional read: issue time	5837serve time	5937 ns
transactional read: issue time	5837serve time	5937 ns
transactional read: issue time	5837serve time	5937 ns
critical read: issue time	5584serve time	5945 ns
transactional read: issue time	5584serve time	5945 ns
transactional read: issue time	5584serve time	5945 ns
transactional read: issue time	5584serve time	5945 ns
critical read: issue time	5847serve time	5945 ns
transactional read: issue time	5847serve time	5945 ns
transactional read: issue time	5847serve time	5945 ns
transactional read: issue time	5847serve time	5945 ns
critical read: issue time	5587serve time	5953 ns
transactional read: issue time	5587serve time	5953 ns
transactional read: issue time	5587serve time	5953 ns
transactional read: issue time	5587serve time	5953 ns
transactional read: issue time	5851serve time	5953 ns
transactional read: issue time	5851serve time	5953 ns
transactional read: issue time	5851serve time	5953 ns
critical read: issue time	5851serve time	5953 ns
transactional read: issue time	5599serve time	5961 ns
transactional read: issue time	5599serve time	5961 ns
transactional read: issue time	5599serve time	5961 ns
critical read: issue time	5599serve time	5961 ns
transactional read: issue time	5739serve time	5961 ns
critical read: issue time	5739serve time	5961 ns
transactional read: issue time	5739serve time	5961 ns
transactional read: issue time	5739serve time	5961 ns
critical read: issue time	5595serve time	5969 ns
transactional read: issue time	5595serve time	5969 ns
transactional read: issue time	5595serve time	5969 ns
transactional read: issue time	5595serve time	5969 ns
critical read: issue time	5863serve time	5969 ns
transactional read: issue time	5863serve time	5969 ns
transactional read: issue time	5863serve time	5969 ns
transactional read: issue time	5863serve time	5969 ns
critical read: issue time	5627serve time	5977 ns
transactional read: issue time	5627serve time	5977 ns
transactional read: issue time	5627serve time	5977 ns
transactional read: issue time	5627serve time	5977 ns
critical read: issue time	5867serve time	5977 ns
transactional read: issue time	5867serve time	5977 ns
transactional read: issue time	5867serve time	5977 ns
transactional read: issue time	5867serve time	5977 ns
critical read: issue time	5395serve time	5985 ns
transactional read: issue time	5395serve time	5985 ns
transactional read: issue time	5395serve time	5985 ns
transactional read: issue time	5395serve time	5985 ns
transactional read: issue time	5877serve time	5985 ns
critical read: issue time	5877serve time	5985 ns
transactional read: issue time	5877serve time	5985 ns
transactional read: issue time	5877serve time	5985 ns
critical read: issue time	5635serve time	5993 ns
transactional read: issue time	5635serve time	5993 ns
transactional read: issue time	5635serve time	5993 ns
transactional read: issue time	5635serve time	5993 ns
transactional read: issue time	5761serve time	5993 ns
transactional read: issue time	5761serve time	5993 ns
critical read: issue time	5761serve time	5993 ns
transactional read: issue time	5761serve time	5993 ns
critical read: issue time	5637serve time	6001 ns
transactional read: issue time	5637serve time	6001 ns
transactional read: issue time	5637serve time	6001 ns
transactional read: issue time	5637serve time	6001 ns
transactional read: issue time	5893serve time	6001 ns
transactional read: issue time	5893serve time	6001 ns
transactional read: issue time	5893serve time	6001 ns
critical read: issue time	5893serve time	6001 ns
critical read: issue time	5415serve time	6009 ns
transactional read: issue time	5415serve time	6009 ns
transactional read: issue time	5415serve time	6009 ns
transactional read: issue time	5415serve time	6009 ns
critical read: issue time	5887serve time	6009 ns
transactional read: issue time	5887serve time	6009 ns
transactional read: issue time	5887serve time	6009 ns
transactional read: issue time	5887serve time	6009 ns
transactional read: issue time	5435serve time	6017 ns
critical read: issue time	5435serve time	6017 ns
transactional read: issue time	5435serve time	6017 ns
transactional read: issue time	5435serve time	6017 ns
critical read: issue time	5897serve time	6017 ns
transactional read: issue time	5897serve time	6017 ns
transactional read: issue time	5897serve time	6017 ns
transactional read: issue time	5897serve time	6017 ns
critical read: issue time	5455serve time	6025 ns
transactional read: issue time	5455serve time	6025 ns
transactional read: issue time	5455serve time	6025 ns
transactional read: issue time	5455serve time	6025 ns
critical read: issue time	5781serve time	6025 ns
transactional read: issue time	5781serve time	6025 ns
transactional read: issue time	5781serve time	6025 ns
transactional read: issue time	5781serve time	6025 ns
critical read: issue time	5657serve time	6033 ns
transactional read: issue time	5657serve time	6033 ns
transactional read: issue time	5657serve time	6033 ns
transactional read: issue time	5657serve time	6033 ns
critical read: issue time	5918serve time	6033 ns
transactional read: issue time	5918serve time	6033 ns
transactional read: issue time	5918serve time	6033 ns
transactional read: issue time	5918serve time	6033 ns
critical read: issue time	5475serve time	6041 ns
transactional read: issue time	5475serve time	6041 ns
transactional read: issue time	5475serve time	6041 ns
transactional read: issue time	5475serve time	6041 ns
transactional read: issue time	5901serve time	6041 ns
transactional read: issue time	5901serve time	6041 ns
transactional read: issue time	5901serve time	6041 ns
critical read: issue time	5901serve time	6041 ns
critical read: issue time	5495serve time	6049 ns
transactional read: issue time	5495serve time	6049 ns
transactional read: issue time	5495serve time	6049 ns
transactional read: issue time	5495serve time	6049 ns
transactional read: issue time	5929serve time	6049 ns
critical read: issue time	5929serve time	6049 ns
transactional read: issue time	5929serve time	6049 ns
transactional read: issue time	5929serve time	6049 ns
critical read: issue time	5671serve time	6057 ns
transactional read: issue time	5671serve time	6057 ns
transactional read: issue time	5671serve time	6057 ns
transactional read: issue time	5671serve time	6057 ns
critical read: issue time	5923serve time	6057 ns
transactional read: issue time	5923serve time	6057 ns
transactional read: issue time	5923serve time	6057 ns
transactional read: issue time	5923serve time	6057 ns
transactional read: issue time	5537serve time	6065 ns
transactional read: issue time	5537serve time	6065 ns
critical read: issue time	5537serve time	6065 ns
transactional read: issue time	5537serve time	6065 ns
critical read: issue time	1085serve time	6065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1085serve time	6065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1085serve time	6065 ns
transactional read: issue time	1085serve time	6065 ns
transactional read: issue time	5677serve time	6073 ns
transactional read: issue time	5677serve time	6073 ns
transactional read: issue time	5677serve time	6073 ns
critical read: issue time	5677serve time	6073 ns
critical read: issue time	5937serve time	6073 ns
transactional read: issue time	5937serve time	6073 ns
transactional read: issue time	5937serve time	6073 ns
transactional read: issue time	5937serve time	6073 ns
critical read: issue time	5687serve time	6081 ns
transactional read: issue time	5687serve time	6081 ns
transactional read: issue time	5687serve time	6081 ns
transactional read: issue time	5687serve time	6081 ns
transactional read: issue time	1105serve time	6081 ns
transactional read: issue time	1105serve time	6081 ns
transactional read: issue time	1105serve time	6081 ns
critical read: issue time	1105serve time	6081 ns
critical read: issue time	5690serve time	6089 ns
transactional read: issue time	5690serve time	6089 ns
transactional read: issue time	5690serve time	6089 ns
transactional read: issue time	5690serve time	6089 ns
critical read: issue time	5964serve time	6089 ns
transactional read: issue time	5964serve time	6089 ns
transactional read: issue time	5964serve time	6089 ns
transactional read: issue time	5964serve time	6089 ns
critical read: issue time	5711serve time	6097 ns
transactional read: issue time	5711serve time	6097 ns
transactional read: issue time	5711serve time	6097 ns
transactional read: issue time	5711serve time	6097 ns
critical read: issue time	5973serve time	6097 ns
transactional read: issue time	5973serve time	6097 ns
transactional read: issue time	5973serve time	6097 ns
transactional read: issue time	5973serve time	6097 ns
critical read: issue time	5697serve time	6105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5697serve time	6105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5697serve time	6105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5697serve time	6105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5969serve time	6105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5969serve time	6105 ns
transactional read: issue time	5969serve time	6105 ns
critical read: issue time	5969serve time	6105 ns
critical read: issue time	5736serve time	6113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5736serve time	6113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5736serve time	6113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5736serve time	6113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5957serve time	6113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5957serve time	6113 ns
critical read: issue time	5957serve time	6113 ns
transactional read: issue time	5957serve time	6113 ns
critical read: issue time	5747serve time	6121 ns
transactional read: issue time	5747serve time	6121 ns
transactional read: issue time	5747serve time	6121 ns
transactional read: issue time	5747serve time	6121 ns
critical read: issue time	5989serve time	6121 ns
transactional read: issue time	5989serve time	6121 ns
transactional read: issue time	5989serve time	6121 ns
transactional read: issue time	5989serve time	6121 ns
transactional read: issue time	5767serve time	6129 ns
critical read: issue time	5767serve time	6129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5767serve time	6129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5767serve time	6129 ns
critical read: issue time	5943serve time	6129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5943serve time	6129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5943serve time	6129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5943serve time	6129 ns
transactional read: issue time	5757serve time	6137 ns
transactional read: issue time	5757serve time	6137 ns
transactional read: issue time	5757serve time	6137 ns
critical read: issue time	5757serve time	6137 ns
critical read: issue time	5983serve time	6137 ns
transactional read: issue time	5983serve time	6137 ns
transactional read: issue time	5983serve time	6137 ns
transactional read: issue time	5983serve time	6137 ns
transactional read: issue time	5597serve time	6145 ns
transactional read: issue time	5597serve time	6145 ns
transactional read: issue time	5597serve time	6145 ns
critical read: issue time	5597serve time	6145 ns
critical read: issue time	6013serve time	6145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6013serve time	6145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6013serve time	6145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6013serve time	6145 ns
critical read: issue time	5787serve time	6153 ns
transactional read: issue time	5787serve time	6153 ns
transactional read: issue time	5787serve time	6153 ns
transactional read: issue time	5787serve time	6153 ns
critical read: issue time	6015serve time	6153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6015serve time	6153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6015serve time	6153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6015serve time	6153 ns
critical read: issue time	5787serve time	6161 ns
transactional read: issue time	5787serve time	6161 ns
transactional read: issue time	5787serve time	6161 ns
transactional read: issue time	5787serve time	6161 ns
critical read: issue time	6024serve time	6161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6024serve time	6161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6024serve time	6161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6024serve time	6161 ns
critical read: issue time	5617serve time	6169 ns
transactional read: issue time	5617serve time	6169 ns
transactional read: issue time	5617serve time	6169 ns
transactional read: issue time	5617serve time	6169 ns
critical read: issue time	6003serve time	6169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6003serve time	6169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6003serve time	6169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6003serve time	6169 ns
transactional read: issue time	5657serve time	6177 ns
transactional read: issue time	5657serve time	6177 ns
transactional read: issue time	5657serve time	6177 ns
critical read: issue time	5657serve time	6177 ns
critical read: issue time	1125serve time	6177 ns
transactional read: issue time	1125serve time	6177 ns
transactional read: issue time	1125serve time	6177 ns
transactional read: issue time	1125serve time	6177 ns
transactional read: issue time	5807serve time	6185 ns
critical read: issue time	5807serve time	6185 ns
transactional read: issue time	5807serve time	6185 ns
transactional read: issue time	5807serve time	6185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6039serve time	6185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6039serve time	6185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6039serve time	6185 ns
critical read: issue time	6039serve time	6185 ns
critical read: issue time	5817serve time	6193 ns
transactional read: issue time	5817serve time	6193 ns
transactional read: issue time	5817serve time	6193 ns
transactional read: issue time	5817serve time	6193 ns
critical read: issue time	6053serve time	6193 ns
transactional read: issue time	6053serve time	6193 ns
transactional read: issue time	6053serve time	6193 ns
transactional read: issue time	6053serve time	6193 ns
critical read: issue time	5677serve time	6201 ns
transactional read: issue time	5677serve time	6201 ns
transactional read: issue time	5677serve time	6201 ns
transactional read: issue time	5677serve time	6201 ns
critical read: issue time	6059serve time	6201 ns
transactional read: issue time	6059serve time	6201 ns
transactional read: issue time	6059serve time	6201 ns
transactional read: issue time	6059serve time	6201 ns
critical read: issue time	5831serve time	6209 ns
transactional read: issue time	5831serve time	6209 ns
transactional read: issue time	5831serve time	6209 ns
transactional read: issue time	5831serve time	6209 ns
transactional read: issue time	6043serve time	6209 ns
critical read: issue time	6043serve time	6209 ns
transactional read: issue time	6043serve time	6209 ns
transactional read: issue time	6043serve time	6209 ns
critical read: issue time	5842serve time	6217 ns
transactional read: issue time	5842serve time	6217 ns
transactional read: issue time	5842serve time	6217 ns
transactional read: issue time	5842serve time	6217 ns
critical read: issue time	6070serve time	6217 ns
transactional read: issue time	6070serve time	6217 ns
transactional read: issue time	6070serve time	6217 ns
transactional read: issue time	6070serve time	6217 ns
critical read: issue time	5857serve time	6225 ns
transactional read: issue time	5857serve time	6225 ns
transactional read: issue time	5857serve time	6225 ns
transactional read: issue time	5857serve time	6225 ns
transactional read: issue time	6063serve time	6225 ns
critical read: issue time	6063serve time	6225 ns
transactional read: issue time	6063serve time	6225 ns
transactional read: issue time	6063serve time	6225 ns
critical read: issue time	5873serve time	6233 ns
transactional read: issue time	5873serve time	6233 ns
transactional read: issue time	5873serve time	6233 ns
transactional read: issue time	5873serve time	6233 ns
critical read: issue time	1145serve time	6233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1145serve time	6233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1145serve time	6233 ns
transactional read: issue time	1145serve time	6233 ns
critical read: issue time	5888serve time	6241 ns
transactional read: issue time	5888serve time	6241 ns
transactional read: issue time	5888serve time	6241 ns
transactional read: issue time	5888serve time	6241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1165serve time	6241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1165serve time	6241 ns
transactional read: issue time	1165serve time	6241 ns
critical read: issue time	1165serve time	6241 ns
critical read: issue time	5801serve time	6249 ns
transactional read: issue time	5801serve time	6249 ns
transactional read: issue time	5801serve time	6249 ns
transactional read: issue time	5801serve time	6249 ns
transactional read: issue time	6093serve time	6249 ns
critical read: issue time	6093serve time	6249 ns
transactional read: issue time	6093serve time	6249 ns
transactional read: issue time	6093serve time	6249 ns
critical read: issue time	5908serve time	6257 ns
transactional read: issue time	5908serve time	6257 ns
transactional read: issue time	5908serve time	6257 ns
transactional read: issue time	5908serve time	6257 ns
critical read: issue time	6099serve time	6257 ns
transactional read: issue time	6099serve time	6257 ns
transactional read: issue time	6099serve time	6257 ns
transactional read: issue time	6099serve time	6257 ns
critical read: issue time	5821serve time	6265 ns
transactional read: issue time	5821serve time	6265 ns
transactional read: issue time	5821serve time	6265 ns
transactional read: issue time	5821serve time	6265 ns
critical read: issue time	6116serve time	6265 ns
transactional read: issue time	6116serve time	6265 ns
transactional read: issue time	6116serve time	6265 ns
transactional read: issue time	6116serve time	6265 ns
critical read: issue time	5913serve time	6273 ns
transactional read: issue time	5913serve time	6273 ns
transactional read: issue time	5913serve time	6273 ns
transactional read: issue time	5913serve time	6273 ns
critical read: issue time	6121serve time	6273 ns
transactional read: issue time	6121serve time	6273 ns
transactional read: issue time	6121serve time	6273 ns
transactional read: issue time	6121serve time	6273 ns
critical read: issue time	5841serve time	6281 ns
transactional read: issue time	5841serve time	6281 ns
transactional read: issue time	5841serve time	6281 ns
transactional read: issue time	5841serve time	6281 ns
critical read: issue time	6125serve time	6281 ns
transactional read: issue time	6125serve time	6281 ns
transactional read: issue time	6125serve time	6281 ns
transactional read: issue time	6125serve time	6281 ns
critical read: issue time	5917serve time	6289 ns
transactional read: issue time	5917serve time	6289 ns
transactional read: issue time	5917serve time	6289 ns
transactional read: issue time	5917serve time	6289 ns
critical read: issue time	6133serve time	6289 ns
transactional read: issue time	6133serve time	6289 ns
transactional read: issue time	6133serve time	6289 ns
transactional read: issue time	6133serve time	6289 ns
critical read: issue time	5861serve time	6297 ns
transactional read: issue time	5861serve time	6297 ns
transactional read: issue time	5861serve time	6297 ns
transactional read: issue time	5861serve time	6297 ns
critical read: issue time	6141serve time	6297 ns
transactional read: issue time	6141serve time	6297 ns
transactional read: issue time	6141serve time	6297 ns
transactional read: issue time	6141serve time	6297 ns
critical read: issue time	5881serve time	6305 ns
transactional read: issue time	5881serve time	6305 ns
transactional read: issue time	5881serve time	6305 ns
transactional read: issue time	5881serve time	6305 ns
critical read: issue time	6153serve time	6305 ns
transactional read: issue time	6153serve time	6305 ns
transactional read: issue time	6153serve time	6305 ns
transactional read: issue time	6153serve time	6305 ns
transactional read: issue time	5933serve time	6313 ns
transactional read: issue time	5933serve time	6313 ns
critical read: issue time	5933serve time	6313 ns
transactional read: issue time	5933serve time	6313 ns
critical read: issue time	6173serve time	6313 ns
transactional read: issue time	6173serve time	6313 ns
transactional read: issue time	6173serve time	6313 ns
transactional read: issue time	6173serve time	6313 ns
critical read: issue time	5939serve time	6321 ns
transactional read: issue time	5939serve time	6321 ns
transactional read: issue time	5939serve time	6321 ns
transactional read: issue time	5939serve time	6321 ns
critical read: issue time	6176serve time	6321 ns
transactional read: issue time	6176serve time	6321 ns
transactional read: issue time	6176serve time	6321 ns
transactional read: issue time	6176serve time	6321 ns
critical read: issue time	5949serve time	6329 ns
transactional read: issue time	5949serve time	6329 ns
transactional read: issue time	5949serve time	6329 ns
transactional read: issue time	5949serve time	6329 ns
transactional read: issue time	6193serve time	6329 ns
transactional read: issue time	6193serve time	6329 ns
transactional read: issue time	6193serve time	6329 ns
critical read: issue time	6193serve time	6329 ns
transactional read: issue time	5953serve time	6337 ns
critical read: issue time	5953serve time	6337 ns
transactional read: issue time	5953serve time	6337 ns
transactional read: issue time	5953serve time	6337 ns
critical read: issue time	6201serve time	6337 ns
transactional read: issue time	6201serve time	6337 ns
transactional read: issue time	6201serve time	6337 ns
transactional read: issue time	6201serve time	6337 ns
critical read: issue time	5979serve time	6345 ns
transactional read: issue time	5979serve time	6345 ns
transactional read: issue time	5979serve time	6345 ns
transactional read: issue time	5979serve time	6345 ns
critical read: issue time	6203serve time	6345 ns
transactional read: issue time	6203serve time	6345 ns
transactional read: issue time	6203serve time	6345 ns
transactional read: issue time	6203serve time	6345 ns
critical read: issue time	5993serve time	6353 ns
transactional read: issue time	5993serve time	6353 ns
transactional read: issue time	5993serve time	6353 ns
transactional read: issue time	5993serve time	6353 ns
critical read: issue time	6213serve time	6353 ns
transactional read: issue time	6213serve time	6353 ns
transactional read: issue time	6213serve time	6353 ns
transactional read: issue time	6213serve time	6353 ns
critical read: issue time	5994serve time	6361 ns
transactional read: issue time	5994serve time	6361 ns
transactional read: issue time	5994serve time	6361 ns
transactional read: issue time	5994serve time	6361 ns
critical read: issue time	6223serve time	6361 ns
transactional read: issue time	6223serve time	6361 ns
transactional read: issue time	6223serve time	6361 ns
transactional read: issue time	6223serve time	6361 ns
critical read: issue time	5999serve time	6369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5999serve time	6369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5999serve time	6369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5999serve time	6369 ns
critical read: issue time	6241serve time	6369 ns
transactional read: issue time	6241serve time	6369 ns
transactional read: issue time	6241serve time	6369 ns
transactional read: issue time	6241serve time	6369 ns
transactional read: issue time	5963serve time	6377 ns
transactional read: issue time	5963serve time	6377 ns
transactional read: issue time	5963serve time	6377 ns
critical read: issue time	5963serve time	6377 ns
transactional read: issue time	6253serve time	6377 ns
transactional read: issue time	6253serve time	6377 ns
transactional read: issue time	6253serve time	6377 ns
critical read: issue time	6253serve time	6377 ns
critical read: issue time	6019serve time	6385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6019serve time	6385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6019serve time	6385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6019serve time	6385 ns
critical read: issue time	6261serve time	6385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6261serve time	6385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6261serve time	6385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6261serve time	6385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6033serve time	6393 ns
transactional read: issue time	6033serve time	6393 ns
critical read: issue time	6033serve time	6393 ns
transactional read: issue time	6033serve time	6393 ns
transactional read: issue time	6243serve time	6393 ns
transactional read: issue time	6243serve time	6393 ns
critical read: issue time	6243serve time	6393 ns
transactional read: issue time	6243serve time	6393 ns
critical read: issue time	6023serve time	6401 ns
transactional read: issue time	6023serve time	6401 ns
transactional read: issue time	6023serve time	6401 ns
transactional read: issue time	6023serve time	6401 ns
critical read: issue time	6265serve time	6401 ns
transactional read: issue time	6265serve time	6401 ns
transactional read: issue time	6265serve time	6401 ns
transactional read: issue time	6265serve time	6401 ns
critical read: issue time	6040serve time	6409 ns
transactional read: issue time	6040serve time	6409 ns
transactional read: issue time	6040serve time	6409 ns
transactional read: issue time	6040serve time	6409 ns
critical read: issue time	6285serve time	6409 ns
transactional read: issue time	6285serve time	6409 ns
transactional read: issue time	6285serve time	6409 ns
transactional read: issue time	6285serve time	6409 ns
critical read: issue time	6045serve time	6417 ns
transactional read: issue time	6045serve time	6417 ns
transactional read: issue time	6045serve time	6417 ns
transactional read: issue time	6045serve time	6417 ns
transactional read: issue time	6293serve time	6417 ns
transactional read: issue time	6293serve time	6417 ns
transactional read: issue time	6293serve time	6417 ns
critical read: issue time	6293serve time	6417 ns
critical read: issue time	6065serve time	6425 ns
transactional read: issue time	6065serve time	6425 ns
transactional read: issue time	6065serve time	6425 ns
transactional read: issue time	6065serve time	6425 ns
critical read: issue time	6306serve time	6425 ns
transactional read: issue time	6306serve time	6425 ns
transactional read: issue time	6306serve time	6425 ns
transactional read: issue time	6306serve time	6425 ns
critical read: issue time	6073serve time	6433 ns
transactional read: issue time	6073serve time	6433 ns
transactional read: issue time	6073serve time	6433 ns
transactional read: issue time	6073serve time	6433 ns
critical read: issue time	6187serve time	6433 ns
transactional read: issue time	6187serve time	6433 ns
transactional read: issue time	6187serve time	6433 ns
transactional read: issue time	6187serve time	6433 ns
transactional read: issue time	6079serve time	6441 ns
critical read: issue time	6079serve time	6441 ns
transactional read: issue time	6079serve time	6441 ns
transactional read: issue time	6079serve time	6441 ns
transactional read: issue time	6333serve time	6441 ns
transactional read: issue time	6333serve time	6441 ns
critical read: issue time	6333serve time	6441 ns
transactional read: issue time	6333serve time	6441 ns
critical read: issue time	6083serve time	6449 ns
transactional read: issue time	6083serve time	6449 ns
transactional read: issue time	6083serve time	6449 ns
transactional read: issue time	6083serve time	6449 ns
critical read: issue time	6359serve time	6449 ns
transactional read: issue time	6359serve time	6449 ns
transactional read: issue time	6359serve time	6449 ns
transactional read: issue time	6359serve time	6449 ns
critical read: issue time	1185serve time	6457 ns
transactional read: issue time	1185serve time	6457 ns
transactional read: issue time	1185serve time	6457 ns
transactional read: issue time	1185serve time	6457 ns
critical read: issue time	6357serve time	6457 ns
transactional read: issue time	6357serve time	6457 ns
transactional read: issue time	6357serve time	6457 ns
transactional read: issue time	6357serve time	6457 ns
critical read: issue time	6091serve time	6465 ns
transactional read: issue time	6091serve time	6465 ns
transactional read: issue time	6091serve time	6465 ns
transactional read: issue time	6091serve time	6465 ns
transactional read: issue time	6365serve time	6465 ns
transactional read: issue time	6365serve time	6465 ns
critical read: issue time	6365serve time	6465 ns
transactional read: issue time	6365serve time	6465 ns
critical read: issue time	6100serve time	6473 ns
transactional read: issue time	6100serve time	6473 ns
transactional read: issue time	6100serve time	6473 ns
transactional read: issue time	6100serve time	6473 ns
transactional read: issue time	6267serve time	6473 ns
transactional read: issue time	6267serve time	6473 ns
transactional read: issue time	6267serve time	6473 ns
critical read: issue time	6267serve time	6473 ns
critical read: issue time	6105serve time	6481 ns
transactional read: issue time	6105serve time	6481 ns
transactional read: issue time	6105serve time	6481 ns
transactional read: issue time	6105serve time	6481 ns
critical read: issue time	6375serve time	6481 ns
transactional read: issue time	6375serve time	6481 ns
transactional read: issue time	6375serve time	6481 ns
transactional read: issue time	6375serve time	6481 ns
critical read: issue time	1205serve time	6489 ns
transactional read: issue time	1205serve time	6489 ns
transactional read: issue time	1205serve time	6489 ns
transactional read: issue time	1205serve time	6489 ns
critical read: issue time	6379serve time	6489 ns
transactional read: issue time	6379serve time	6489 ns
transactional read: issue time	6379serve time	6489 ns
transactional read: issue time	6379serve time	6489 ns
critical read: issue time	6113serve time	6497 ns
transactional read: issue time	6113serve time	6497 ns
transactional read: issue time	6113serve time	6497 ns
transactional read: issue time	6113serve time	6497 ns
critical read: issue time	6385serve time	6497 ns
transactional read: issue time	6385serve time	6497 ns
transactional read: issue time	6385serve time	6497 ns
transactional read: issue time	6385serve time	6497 ns
critical read: issue time	1235serve time	6505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1235serve time	6505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1235serve time	6505 ns
transactional read: issue time	1235serve time	6505 ns
critical read: issue time	6415serve time	6505 ns
transactional read: issue time	6415serve time	6505 ns
transactional read: issue time	6415serve time	6505 ns
transactional read: issue time	6415serve time	6505 ns
transactional read: issue time	6119serve time	6513 ns
transactional read: issue time	6119serve time	6513 ns
critical read: issue time	6119serve time	6513 ns
transactional read: issue time	6119serve time	6513 ns
critical read: issue time	6419serve time	6513 ns
transactional read: issue time	6419serve time	6513 ns
transactional read: issue time	6419serve time	6513 ns
transactional read: issue time	6419serve time	6513 ns
critical read: issue time	1255serve time	6521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1255serve time	6521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1255serve time	6521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1255serve time	6521 ns
critical read: issue time	6412serve time	6521 ns
transactional read: issue time	6412serve time	6521 ns
transactional read: issue time	6412serve time	6521 ns
transactional read: issue time	6412serve time	6521 ns
transactional read: issue time	1277serve time	6529 ns
critical read: issue time	1277serve time	6529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1277serve time	6529 ns
transactional read: issue time	1277serve time	6529 ns
transactional read: issue time	6405serve time	6529 ns
transactional read: issue time	6405serve time	6529 ns
transactional read: issue time	6405serve time	6529 ns
critical read: issue time	6405serve time	6529 ns
critical read: issue time	6137serve time	6537 ns
transactional read: issue time	6137serve time	6537 ns
transactional read: issue time	6137serve time	6537 ns
transactional read: issue time	6137serve time	6537 ns
critical read: issue time	6425serve time	6537 ns
transactional read: issue time	6425serve time	6537 ns
transactional read: issue time	6425serve time	6537 ns
transactional read: issue time	6425serve time	6537 ns
critical read: issue time	6139serve time	6545 ns
transactional read: issue time	6139serve time	6545 ns
transactional read: issue time	6139serve time	6545 ns
transactional read: issue time	6139serve time	6545 ns
transactional read: issue time	6445serve time	6545 ns
critical read: issue time	6445serve time	6545 ns
transactional read: issue time	6445serve time	6545 ns
transactional read: issue time	6445serve time	6545 ns
critical read: issue time	6157serve time	6553 ns
transactional read: issue time	6157serve time	6553 ns
transactional read: issue time	6157serve time	6553 ns
transactional read: issue time	6157serve time	6553 ns
critical read: issue time	6458serve time	6553 ns
transactional read: issue time	6458serve time	6553 ns
transactional read: issue time	6458serve time	6553 ns
transactional read: issue time	6458serve time	6553 ns
transactional read: issue time	6159serve time	6561 ns
critical read: issue time	6159serve time	6561 ns
transactional read: issue time	6159serve time	6561 ns
transactional read: issue time	6159serve time	6561 ns
critical read: issue time	6458serve time	6561 ns
transactional read: issue time	6458serve time	6561 ns
transactional read: issue time	6458serve time	6561 ns
transactional read: issue time	6458serve time	6561 ns
transactional read: issue time	6177serve time	6569 ns
critical read: issue time	6177serve time	6569 ns
transactional read: issue time	6177serve time	6569 ns
transactional read: issue time	6177serve time	6569 ns
critical read: issue time	6307serve time	6569 ns
transactional read: issue time	6307serve time	6569 ns
transactional read: issue time	6307serve time	6569 ns
transactional read: issue time	6307serve time	6569 ns
critical read: issue time	6181serve time	6577 ns
transactional read: issue time	6181serve time	6577 ns
transactional read: issue time	6181serve time	6577 ns
transactional read: issue time	6181serve time	6577 ns
critical read: issue time	6489serve time	6577 ns
transactional read: issue time	6489serve time	6577 ns
transactional read: issue time	6489serve time	6577 ns
transactional read: issue time	6489serve time	6577 ns
critical read: issue time	6197serve time	6585 ns
transactional read: issue time	6197serve time	6585 ns
transactional read: issue time	6197serve time	6585 ns
transactional read: issue time	6197serve time	6585 ns
critical read: issue time	6329serve time	6585 ns
transactional read: issue time	6329serve time	6585 ns
transactional read: issue time	6329serve time	6585 ns
transactional read: issue time	6329serve time	6585 ns
transactional read: issue time	6145serve time	6593 ns
transactional read: issue time	6145serve time	6593 ns
critical read: issue time	6145serve time	6593 ns
transactional read: issue time	6145serve time	6593 ns
critical read: issue time	6351serve time	6593 ns
transactional read: issue time	6351serve time	6593 ns
transactional read: issue time	6351serve time	6593 ns
transactional read: issue time	6351serve time	6593 ns
critical read: issue time	6217serve time	6601 ns
transactional read: issue time	6217serve time	6601 ns
transactional read: issue time	6217serve time	6601 ns
transactional read: issue time	6217serve time	6601 ns
critical read: issue time	6499serve time	6601 ns
transactional read: issue time	6499serve time	6601 ns
transactional read: issue time	6499serve time	6601 ns
transactional read: issue time	6499serve time	6601 ns
critical read: issue time	6221serve time	6609 ns
transactional read: issue time	6221serve time	6609 ns
transactional read: issue time	6221serve time	6609 ns
transactional read: issue time	6221serve time	6609 ns
critical read: issue time	6371serve time	6609 ns
transactional read: issue time	6371serve time	6609 ns
transactional read: issue time	6371serve time	6609 ns
transactional read: issue time	6371serve time	6609 ns
critical read: issue time	6233serve time	6617 ns
transactional read: issue time	6233serve time	6617 ns
transactional read: issue time	6233serve time	6617 ns
transactional read: issue time	6233serve time	6617 ns
critical read: issue time	6391serve time	6617 ns
transactional read: issue time	6391serve time	6617 ns
transactional read: issue time	6391serve time	6617 ns
transactional read: issue time	6391serve time	6617 ns
transactional read: issue time	6237serve time	6625 ns
critical read: issue time	6237serve time	6625 ns
transactional read: issue time	6237serve time	6625 ns
transactional read: issue time	6237serve time	6625 ns
transactional read: issue time	6539serve time	6625 ns
transactional read: issue time	6539serve time	6625 ns
transactional read: issue time	6539serve time	6625 ns
critical read: issue time	6539serve time	6625 ns
transactional read: issue time	6257serve time	6633 ns
critical read: issue time	6257serve time	6633 ns
transactional read: issue time	6257serve time	6633 ns
transactional read: issue time	6257serve time	6633 ns
critical read: issue time	6538serve time	6633 ns
transactional read: issue time	6538serve time	6633 ns
transactional read: issue time	6538serve time	6633 ns
transactional read: issue time	6538serve time	6633 ns
critical read: issue time	6273serve time	6641 ns
transactional read: issue time	6273serve time	6641 ns
transactional read: issue time	6273serve time	6641 ns
transactional read: issue time	6273serve time	6641 ns
critical read: issue time	6547serve time	6641 ns
transactional read: issue time	6547serve time	6641 ns
transactional read: issue time	6547serve time	6641 ns
transactional read: issue time	6547serve time	6641 ns
critical read: issue time	6277serve time	6649 ns
transactional read: issue time	6277serve time	6649 ns
transactional read: issue time	6277serve time	6649 ns
transactional read: issue time	6277serve time	6649 ns
transactional read: issue time	6471serve time	6649 ns
transactional read: issue time	6471serve time	6649 ns
transactional read: issue time	6471serve time	6649 ns
critical read: issue time	6471serve time	6649 ns
critical read: issue time	6281serve time	6657 ns
transactional read: issue time	6281serve time	6657 ns
transactional read: issue time	6281serve time	6657 ns
transactional read: issue time	6281serve time	6657 ns
critical read: issue time	6559serve time	6657 ns
transactional read: issue time	6559serve time	6657 ns
transactional read: issue time	6559serve time	6657 ns
transactional read: issue time	6559serve time	6657 ns
critical read: issue time	6166serve time	6665 ns
transactional read: issue time	6166serve time	6665 ns
transactional read: issue time	6166serve time	6665 ns
transactional read: issue time	6166serve time	6665 ns
critical read: issue time	6559serve time	6665 ns
transactional read: issue time	6559serve time	6665 ns
transactional read: issue time	6559serve time	6665 ns
transactional read: issue time	6559serve time	6665 ns
critical read: issue time	6297serve time	6673 ns
transactional read: issue time	6297serve time	6673 ns
transactional read: issue time	6297serve time	6673 ns
transactional read: issue time	6297serve time	6673 ns
transactional read: issue time	6511serve time	6673 ns
transactional read: issue time	6511serve time	6673 ns
critical read: issue time	6511serve time	6673 ns
transactional read: issue time	6511serve time	6673 ns
critical read: issue time	6313serve time	6681 ns
transactional read: issue time	6313serve time	6681 ns
transactional read: issue time	6313serve time	6681 ns
transactional read: issue time	6313serve time	6681 ns
critical read: issue time	6577serve time	6681 ns
transactional read: issue time	6577serve time	6681 ns
transactional read: issue time	6577serve time	6681 ns
transactional read: issue time	6577serve time	6681 ns
transactional read: issue time	6317serve time	6689 ns
critical read: issue time	6317serve time	6689 ns
transactional read: issue time	6317serve time	6689 ns
transactional read: issue time	6317serve time	6689 ns
critical read: issue time	6579serve time	6689 ns
transactional read: issue time	6579serve time	6689 ns
transactional read: issue time	6579serve time	6689 ns
transactional read: issue time	6579serve time	6689 ns
critical read: issue time	6305serve time	6697 ns
transactional read: issue time	6305serve time	6697 ns
transactional read: issue time	6305serve time	6697 ns
transactional read: issue time	6305serve time	6697 ns
critical read: issue time	6531serve time	6697 ns
transactional read: issue time	6531serve time	6697 ns
transactional read: issue time	6531serve time	6697 ns
transactional read: issue time	6531serve time	6697 ns
transactional read: issue time	6325serve time	6705 ns
transactional read: issue time	6325serve time	6705 ns
critical read: issue time	6325serve time	6705 ns
transactional read: issue time	6325serve time	6705 ns
transactional read: issue time	6599serve time	6705 ns
transactional read: issue time	6599serve time	6705 ns
transactional read: issue time	6599serve time	6705 ns
critical read: issue time	6599serve time	6705 ns
transactional read: issue time	6207serve time	6713 ns
critical read: issue time	6207serve time	6713 ns
transactional read: issue time	6207serve time	6713 ns
transactional read: issue time	6207serve time	6713 ns
critical read: issue time	6597serve time	6713 ns
transactional read: issue time	6597serve time	6713 ns
transactional read: issue time	6597serve time	6713 ns
transactional read: issue time	6597serve time	6713 ns
critical read: issue time	6227serve time	6721 ns
transactional read: issue time	6227serve time	6721 ns
transactional read: issue time	6227serve time	6721 ns
transactional read: issue time	6227serve time	6721 ns
critical read: issue time	6597serve time	6721 ns
transactional read: issue time	6597serve time	6721 ns
transactional read: issue time	6597serve time	6721 ns
transactional read: issue time	6597serve time	6721 ns
critical read: issue time	6337serve time	6729 ns
transactional read: issue time	6337serve time	6729 ns
transactional read: issue time	6337serve time	6729 ns
transactional read: issue time	6337serve time	6729 ns
critical read: issue time	6615serve time	6729 ns
transactional read: issue time	6615serve time	6729 ns
transactional read: issue time	6615serve time	6729 ns
transactional read: issue time	6615serve time	6729 ns
critical read: issue time	6336serve time	6737 ns
transactional read: issue time	6336serve time	6737 ns
transactional read: issue time	6336serve time	6737 ns
transactional read: issue time	6336serve time	6737 ns
critical read: issue time	6619serve time	6737 ns
transactional read: issue time	6619serve time	6737 ns
transactional read: issue time	6619serve time	6737 ns
transactional read: issue time	6619serve time	6737 ns
critical read: issue time	6355serve time	6745 ns
transactional read: issue time	6355serve time	6745 ns
transactional read: issue time	6355serve time	6745 ns
transactional read: issue time	6355serve time	6745 ns
critical read: issue time	6619serve time	6745 ns
transactional read: issue time	6619serve time	6745 ns
transactional read: issue time	6619serve time	6745 ns
transactional read: issue time	6619serve time	6745 ns
critical read: issue time	6345serve time	6753 ns
transactional read: issue time	6345serve time	6753 ns
transactional read: issue time	6345serve time	6753 ns
transactional read: issue time	6345serve time	6753 ns
transactional read: issue time	6551serve time	6753 ns
transactional read: issue time	6551serve time	6753 ns
transactional read: issue time	6551serve time	6753 ns
critical read: issue time	6551serve time	6753 ns
transactional read: issue time	6247serve time	6761 ns
critical read: issue time	6247serve time	6761 ns
transactional read: issue time	6247serve time	6761 ns
transactional read: issue time	6247serve time	6761 ns
critical read: issue time	6637serve time	6761 ns
transactional read: issue time	6637serve time	6761 ns
transactional read: issue time	6637serve time	6761 ns
transactional read: issue time	6637serve time	6761 ns
critical read: issue time	6382serve time	6769 ns
transactional read: issue time	6382serve time	6769 ns
transactional read: issue time	6382serve time	6769 ns
transactional read: issue time	6382serve time	6769 ns
critical read: issue time	6593serve time	6769 ns
transactional read: issue time	6593serve time	6769 ns
transactional read: issue time	6593serve time	6769 ns
transactional read: issue time	6593serve time	6769 ns
transactional read: issue time	6395serve time	6777 ns
critical read: issue time	6395serve time	6777 ns
transactional read: issue time	6395serve time	6777 ns
transactional read: issue time	6395serve time	6777 ns
critical read: issue time	6613serve time	6777 ns
transactional read: issue time	6613serve time	6777 ns
transactional read: issue time	6613serve time	6777 ns
transactional read: issue time	6613serve time	6777 ns
transactional read: issue time	6399serve time	6785 ns
transactional read: issue time	6399serve time	6785 ns
transactional read: issue time	6399serve time	6785 ns
critical read: issue time	6399serve time	6785 ns
critical read: issue time	1299serve time	6785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1299serve time	6785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1299serve time	6785 ns
transactional read: issue time	1299serve time	6785 ns
transactional read: issue time	6435serve time	6793 ns
transactional read: issue time	6435serve time	6793 ns
critical read: issue time	6435serve time	6793 ns
transactional read: issue time	6435serve time	6793 ns
critical read: issue time	6653serve time	6793 ns
transactional read: issue time	6653serve time	6793 ns
transactional read: issue time	6653serve time	6793 ns
transactional read: issue time	6653serve time	6793 ns
transactional read: issue time	6439serve time	6801 ns
transactional read: issue time	6439serve time	6801 ns
transactional read: issue time	6439serve time	6801 ns
critical read: issue time	6439serve time	6801 ns
critical read: issue time	6657serve time	6801 ns
transactional read: issue time	6657serve time	6801 ns
transactional read: issue time	6657serve time	6801 ns
transactional read: issue time	6657serve time	6801 ns
critical read: issue time	6433serve time	6809 ns
transactional read: issue time	6433serve time	6809 ns
transactional read: issue time	6433serve time	6809 ns
transactional read: issue time	6433serve time	6809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1339serve time	6809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1339serve time	6809 ns
transactional read: issue time	1339serve time	6809 ns
critical read: issue time	1339serve time	6809 ns
critical read: issue time	6461serve time	6817 ns
transactional read: issue time	6461serve time	6817 ns
transactional read: issue time	6461serve time	6817 ns
transactional read: issue time	6461serve time	6817 ns
critical read: issue time	1359serve time	6817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1359serve time	6817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1359serve time	6817 ns
transactional read: issue time	1359serve time	6817 ns
critical read: issue time	6467serve time	6825 ns
transactional read: issue time	6467serve time	6825 ns
transactional read: issue time	6467serve time	6825 ns
transactional read: issue time	6467serve time	6825 ns
critical read: issue time	1379serve time	6825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1379serve time	6825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1379serve time	6825 ns
transactional read: issue time	1379serve time	6825 ns
critical read: issue time	6479serve time	6833 ns
transactional read: issue time	6479serve time	6833 ns
transactional read: issue time	6479serve time	6833 ns
transactional read: issue time	6479serve time	6833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1419serve time	6833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1419serve time	6833 ns
transactional read: issue time	1419serve time	6833 ns
critical read: issue time	1419serve time	6833 ns
critical read: issue time	6481serve time	6841 ns
transactional read: issue time	6481serve time	6841 ns
transactional read: issue time	6481serve time	6841 ns
transactional read: issue time	6481serve time	6841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1443serve time	6841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1443serve time	6841 ns
critical read: issue time	1443serve time	6841 ns
transactional read: issue time	1443serve time	6841 ns
critical read: issue time	6287serve time	6849 ns
transactional read: issue time	6287serve time	6849 ns
transactional read: issue time	6287serve time	6849 ns
transactional read: issue time	6287serve time	6849 ns
critical read: issue time	6675serve time	6849 ns
transactional read: issue time	6675serve time	6849 ns
transactional read: issue time	6675serve time	6849 ns
transactional read: issue time	6675serve time	6849 ns
critical read: issue time	6487serve time	6857 ns
transactional read: issue time	6487serve time	6857 ns
transactional read: issue time	6487serve time	6857 ns
transactional read: issue time	6487serve time	6857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1483serve time	6857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1483serve time	6857 ns
critical read: issue time	1483serve time	6857 ns
transactional read: issue time	1483serve time	6857 ns
critical read: issue time	6501serve time	6865 ns
transactional read: issue time	6501serve time	6865 ns
transactional read: issue time	6501serve time	6865 ns
transactional read: issue time	6501serve time	6865 ns
critical read: issue time	1503serve time	6865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1503serve time	6865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1503serve time	6865 ns
transactional read: issue time	1503serve time	6865 ns
critical read: issue time	6507serve time	6873 ns
transactional read: issue time	6507serve time	6873 ns
transactional read: issue time	6507serve time	6873 ns
transactional read: issue time	6507serve time	6873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1523serve time	6873 ns
critical read: issue time	1523serve time	6873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1523serve time	6873 ns
transactional read: issue time	1523serve time	6873 ns
critical read: issue time	6509serve time	6881 ns
transactional read: issue time	6509serve time	6881 ns
transactional read: issue time	6509serve time	6881 ns
transactional read: issue time	6509serve time	6881 ns
critical read: issue time	1545serve time	6881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1545serve time	6881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1545serve time	6881 ns
transactional read: issue time	1545serve time	6881 ns
transactional read: issue time	6411serve time	6889 ns
transactional read: issue time	6411serve time	6889 ns
transactional read: issue time	6411serve time	6889 ns
critical read: issue time	6411serve time	6889 ns
critical read: issue time	6723serve time	6889 ns
transactional read: issue time	6723serve time	6889 ns
transactional read: issue time	6723serve time	6889 ns
transactional read: issue time	6723serve time	6889 ns
critical read: issue time	6431serve time	6897 ns
transactional read: issue time	6431serve time	6897 ns
transactional read: issue time	6431serve time	6897 ns
transactional read: issue time	6431serve time	6897 ns
critical read: issue time	1565serve time	6897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1565serve time	6897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1565serve time	6897 ns
transactional read: issue time	1565serve time	6897 ns
critical read: issue time	6519serve time	6905 ns
transactional read: issue time	6519serve time	6905 ns
transactional read: issue time	6519serve time	6905 ns
transactional read: issue time	6519serve time	6905 ns
critical read: issue time	6729serve time	6905 ns
transactional read: issue time	6729serve time	6905 ns
transactional read: issue time	6729serve time	6905 ns
transactional read: issue time	6729serve time	6905 ns
critical read: issue time	6527serve time	6913 ns
transactional read: issue time	6527serve time	6913 ns
transactional read: issue time	6527serve time	6913 ns
transactional read: issue time	6527serve time	6913 ns
critical read: issue time	6753serve time	6913 ns
transactional read: issue time	6753serve time	6913 ns
transactional read: issue time	6753serve time	6913 ns
transactional read: issue time	6753serve time	6913 ns
critical read: issue time	6545serve time	6921 ns
transactional read: issue time	6545serve time	6921 ns
transactional read: issue time	6545serve time	6921 ns
transactional read: issue time	6545serve time	6921 ns
critical read: issue time	6771serve time	6921 ns
transactional read: issue time	6771serve time	6921 ns
transactional read: issue time	6771serve time	6921 ns
transactional read: issue time	6771serve time	6921 ns
critical read: issue time	6451serve time	6929 ns
transactional read: issue time	6451serve time	6929 ns
transactional read: issue time	6451serve time	6929 ns
transactional read: issue time	6451serve time	6929 ns
transactional read: issue time	6762serve time	6929 ns
transactional read: issue time	6762serve time	6929 ns
critical read: issue time	6762serve time	6929 ns
transactional read: issue time	6762serve time	6929 ns
critical read: issue time	6565serve time	6937 ns
transactional read: issue time	6565serve time	6937 ns
transactional read: issue time	6565serve time	6937 ns
transactional read: issue time	6565serve time	6937 ns
transactional read: issue time	6788serve time	6937 ns
transactional read: issue time	6788serve time	6937 ns
transactional read: issue time	6788serve time	6937 ns
transactional read: issue time	6788serve time	6937 ns
critical read: issue time	6491serve time	6945 ns
transactional read: issue time	6491serve time	6945 ns
transactional read: issue time	6491serve time	6945 ns
transactional read: issue time	6491serve time	6945 ns
transactional read: issue time	6791serve time	6945 ns
transactional read: issue time	6791serve time	6945 ns
transactional read: issue time	6791serve time	6945 ns
critical read: issue time	6791serve time	6945 ns
critical read: issue time	6595serve time	6953 ns
transactional read: issue time	6595serve time	6953 ns
transactional read: issue time	6595serve time	6953 ns
transactional read: issue time	6595serve time	6953 ns
critical read: issue time	6793serve time	6953 ns
transactional read: issue time	6793serve time	6953 ns
transactional read: issue time	6793serve time	6953 ns
transactional read: issue time	6793serve time	6953 ns
critical read: issue time	6617serve time	6961 ns
transactional read: issue time	6617serve time	6961 ns
transactional read: issue time	6617serve time	6961 ns
transactional read: issue time	6617serve time	6961 ns
critical read: issue time	6763serve time	6961 ns
transactional read: issue time	6763serve time	6961 ns
transactional read: issue time	6763serve time	6961 ns
transactional read: issue time	6763serve time	6961 ns
critical read: issue time	6573serve time	6969 ns
transactional read: issue time	6573serve time	6969 ns
transactional read: issue time	6573serve time	6969 ns
transactional read: issue time	6573serve time	6969 ns
critical read: issue time	6783serve time	6969 ns
transactional read: issue time	6783serve time	6969 ns
transactional read: issue time	6783serve time	6969 ns
transactional read: issue time	6783serve time	6969 ns
critical read: issue time	6639serve time	6977 ns
transactional read: issue time	6639serve time	6977 ns
transactional read: issue time	6639serve time	6977 ns
transactional read: issue time	6639serve time	6977 ns
critical read: issue time	6811serve time	6977 ns
transactional read: issue time	6811serve time	6977 ns
transactional read: issue time	6811serve time	6977 ns
transactional read: issue time	6811serve time	6977 ns
critical read: issue time	6641serve time	6985 ns
transactional read: issue time	6641serve time	6985 ns
transactional read: issue time	6641serve time	6985 ns
transactional read: issue time	6641serve time	6985 ns
critical read: issue time	6759serve time	6985 ns
transactional read: issue time	6759serve time	6985 ns
transactional read: issue time	6759serve time	6985 ns
transactional read: issue time	6759serve time	6985 ns
critical read: issue time	6633serve time	6993 ns
transactional read: issue time	6633serve time	6993 ns
transactional read: issue time	6633serve time	6993 ns
transactional read: issue time	6633serve time	6993 ns
critical read: issue time	6779serve time	6993 ns
transactional read: issue time	6779serve time	6993 ns
transactional read: issue time	6779serve time	6993 ns
transactional read: issue time	6779serve time	6993 ns
critical read: issue time	1319serve time	7001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1319serve time	7001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1319serve time	7001 ns
transactional read: issue time	1319serve time	7001 ns
critical read: issue time	6799serve time	7001 ns
transactional read: issue time	6799serve time	7001 ns
transactional read: issue time	6799serve time	7001 ns
transactional read: issue time	6799serve time	7001 ns
critical read: issue time	6655serve time	7009 ns
transactional read: issue time	6655serve time	7009 ns
transactional read: issue time	6655serve time	7009 ns
transactional read: issue time	6655serve time	7009 ns
critical read: issue time	6831serve time	7009 ns
transactional read: issue time	6831serve time	7009 ns
transactional read: issue time	6831serve time	7009 ns
transactional read: issue time	6831serve time	7009 ns
critical read: issue time	1399serve time	7017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1399serve time	7017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1399serve time	7017 ns
transactional read: issue time	1399serve time	7017 ns
critical read: issue time	6839serve time	7017 ns
transactional read: issue time	6839serve time	7017 ns
transactional read: issue time	6839serve time	7017 ns
transactional read: issue time	6839serve time	7017 ns
critical read: issue time	6669serve time	7025 ns
transactional read: issue time	6669serve time	7025 ns
transactional read: issue time	6669serve time	7025 ns
transactional read: issue time	6669serve time	7025 ns
transactional read: issue time	6851serve time	7025 ns
transactional read: issue time	6851serve time	7025 ns
transactional read: issue time	6851serve time	7025 ns
critical read: issue time	6851serve time	7025 ns
critical read: issue time	6671serve time	7033 ns
transactional read: issue time	6671serve time	7033 ns
transactional read: issue time	6671serve time	7033 ns
transactional read: issue time	6671serve time	7033 ns
transactional read: issue time	6859serve time	7033 ns
critical read: issue time	6859serve time	7033 ns
transactional read: issue time	6859serve time	7033 ns
transactional read: issue time	6859serve time	7033 ns
critical read: issue time	1463serve time	7041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1463serve time	7041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1463serve time	7041 ns
transactional read: issue time	1463serve time	7041 ns
critical read: issue time	6773serve time	7041 ns
transactional read: issue time	6773serve time	7041 ns
transactional read: issue time	6773serve time	7041 ns
transactional read: issue time	6773serve time	7041 ns
critical read: issue time	6686serve time	7049 ns
transactional read: issue time	6686serve time	7049 ns
transactional read: issue time	6686serve time	7049 ns
transactional read: issue time	6686serve time	7049 ns
critical read: issue time	6793serve time	7049 ns
transactional read: issue time	6793serve time	7049 ns
transactional read: issue time	6793serve time	7049 ns
transactional read: issue time	6793serve time	7049 ns
critical read: issue time	6683serve time	7057 ns
transactional read: issue time	6683serve time	7057 ns
transactional read: issue time	6683serve time	7057 ns
transactional read: issue time	6683serve time	7057 ns
critical read: issue time	6835serve time	7057 ns
transactional read: issue time	6835serve time	7057 ns
transactional read: issue time	6835serve time	7057 ns
transactional read: issue time	6835serve time	7057 ns
critical read: issue time	6691serve time	7065 ns
transactional read: issue time	6691serve time	7065 ns
transactional read: issue time	6691serve time	7065 ns
transactional read: issue time	6691serve time	7065 ns
critical read: issue time	6889serve time	7065 ns
transactional read: issue time	6889serve time	7065 ns
transactional read: issue time	6889serve time	7065 ns
transactional read: issue time	6889serve time	7065 ns
critical read: issue time	6695serve time	7073 ns
transactional read: issue time	6695serve time	7073 ns
transactional read: issue time	6695serve time	7073 ns
transactional read: issue time	6695serve time	7073 ns
transactional read: issue time	6893serve time	7073 ns
transactional read: issue time	6893serve time	7073 ns
transactional read: issue time	6893serve time	7073 ns
critical read: issue time	6893serve time	7073 ns
critical read: issue time	6689serve time	7081 ns
transactional read: issue time	6689serve time	7081 ns
transactional read: issue time	6689serve time	7081 ns
transactional read: issue time	6689serve time	7081 ns
critical read: issue time	6905serve time	7081 ns
transactional read: issue time	6905serve time	7081 ns
transactional read: issue time	6905serve time	7081 ns
transactional read: issue time	6905serve time	7081 ns
critical read: issue time	6703serve time	7089 ns
transactional read: issue time	6703serve time	7089 ns
transactional read: issue time	6703serve time	7089 ns
transactional read: issue time	6703serve time	7089 ns
critical read: issue time	6919serve time	7089 ns
transactional read: issue time	6919serve time	7089 ns
transactional read: issue time	6919serve time	7089 ns
transactional read: issue time	6919serve time	7089 ns
critical read: issue time	6707serve time	7097 ns
transactional read: issue time	6707serve time	7097 ns
transactional read: issue time	6707serve time	7097 ns
transactional read: issue time	6707serve time	7097 ns
transactional read: issue time	6937serve time	7097 ns
transactional read: issue time	6937serve time	7097 ns
critical read: issue time	6937serve time	7097 ns
transactional read: issue time	6937serve time	7097 ns
critical read: issue time	6709serve time	7105 ns
transactional read: issue time	6709serve time	7105 ns
transactional read: issue time	6709serve time	7105 ns
transactional read: issue time	6709serve time	7105 ns
critical read: issue time	6944serve time	7105 ns
transactional read: issue time	6944serve time	7105 ns
transactional read: issue time	6944serve time	7105 ns
transactional read: issue time	6944serve time	7105 ns
critical read: issue time	6711serve time	7113 ns
transactional read: issue time	6711serve time	7113 ns
transactional read: issue time	6711serve time	7113 ns
transactional read: issue time	6711serve time	7113 ns
transactional read: issue time	6957serve time	7113 ns
critical read: issue time	6957serve time	7113 ns
transactional read: issue time	6957serve time	7113 ns
transactional read: issue time	6957serve time	7113 ns
transactional read: issue time	6731serve time	7121 ns
critical read: issue time	6731serve time	7121 ns
transactional read: issue time	6731serve time	7121 ns
transactional read: issue time	6731serve time	7121 ns
critical read: issue time	6959serve time	7121 ns
transactional read: issue time	6959serve time	7121 ns
transactional read: issue time	6959serve time	7121 ns
transactional read: issue time	6959serve time	7121 ns
critical read: issue time	6732serve time	7129 ns
transactional read: issue time	6732serve time	7129 ns
transactional read: issue time	6732serve time	7129 ns
transactional read: issue time	6732serve time	7129 ns
critical read: issue time	6913serve time	7129 ns
transactional read: issue time	6913serve time	7129 ns
transactional read: issue time	6913serve time	7129 ns
transactional read: issue time	6913serve time	7129 ns
critical read: issue time	6732serve time	7137 ns
transactional read: issue time	6732serve time	7137 ns
transactional read: issue time	6732serve time	7137 ns
transactional read: issue time	6732serve time	7137 ns
critical read: issue time	6943serve time	7137 ns
transactional read: issue time	6943serve time	7137 ns
transactional read: issue time	6943serve time	7137 ns
transactional read: issue time	6943serve time	7137 ns
critical read: issue time	6751serve time	7145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6751serve time	7145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6751serve time	7145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6751serve time	7145 ns
critical read: issue time	6963serve time	7145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6963serve time	7145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6963serve time	7145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6963serve time	7145 ns
transactional read: issue time	6762serve time	7153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6762serve time	7153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6762serve time	7153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6762serve time	7153 ns
critical read: issue time	6979serve time	7153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6979serve time	7153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6979serve time	7153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6979serve time	7153 ns
transactional read: issue time	6773serve time	7161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6773serve time	7161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6773serve time	7161 ns
critical read: issue time	6773serve time	7161 ns
critical read: issue time	6983serve time	7161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6983serve time	7161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6983serve time	7161 ns
transactional read: issue time	6983serve time	7161 ns
critical read: issue time	6788serve time	7169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6788serve time	7169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6788serve time	7169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6788serve time	7169 ns
critical read: issue time	6999serve time	7169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6999serve time	7169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6999serve time	7169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6999serve time	7169 ns
transactional read: issue time	6817serve time	7177 ns
transactional read: issue time	6817serve time	7177 ns
critical read: issue time	6817serve time	7177 ns
transactional read: issue time	6817serve time	7177 ns
critical read: issue time	6955serve time	7177 ns
transactional read: issue time	6955serve time	7177 ns
transactional read: issue time	6955serve time	7177 ns
transactional read: issue time	6955serve time	7177 ns
critical read: issue time	6819serve time	7185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6819serve time	7185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6819serve time	7185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6819serve time	7185 ns
critical read: issue time	6975serve time	7185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6975serve time	7185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6975serve time	7185 ns
transactional read: issue time	6975serve time	7185 ns
critical read: issue time	6819serve time	7193 ns
transactional read: issue time	6819serve time	7193 ns
transactional read: issue time	6819serve time	7193 ns
transactional read: issue time	6819serve time	7193 ns
critical read: issue time	7019serve time	7193 ns
transactional read: issue time	7019serve time	7193 ns
transactional read: issue time	7019serve time	7193 ns
transactional read: issue time	7019serve time	7193 ns
critical read: issue time	6839serve time	7201 ns
transactional read: issue time	6839serve time	7201 ns
transactional read: issue time	6839serve time	7201 ns
transactional read: issue time	6839serve time	7201 ns
transactional read: issue time	7019serve time	7201 ns
transactional read: issue time	7019serve time	7201 ns
critical read: issue time	7019serve time	7201 ns
transactional read: issue time	7019serve time	7201 ns
critical read: issue time	6849serve time	7209 ns
transactional read: issue time	6849serve time	7209 ns
transactional read: issue time	6849serve time	7209 ns
transactional read: issue time	6849serve time	7209 ns
critical read: issue time	7015serve time	7209 ns
transactional read: issue time	7015serve time	7209 ns
transactional read: issue time	7015serve time	7209 ns
transactional read: issue time	7015serve time	7209 ns
critical read: issue time	6868serve time	7217 ns
transactional read: issue time	6868serve time	7217 ns
transactional read: issue time	6868serve time	7217 ns
transactional read: issue time	6868serve time	7217 ns
critical read: issue time	7027serve time	7217 ns
transactional read: issue time	7027serve time	7217 ns
transactional read: issue time	7027serve time	7217 ns
transactional read: issue time	7027serve time	7217 ns
critical read: issue time	6869serve time	7225 ns
transactional read: issue time	6869serve time	7225 ns
transactional read: issue time	6869serve time	7225 ns
transactional read: issue time	6869serve time	7225 ns
transactional read: issue time	7041serve time	7225 ns
transactional read: issue time	7041serve time	7225 ns
transactional read: issue time	7041serve time	7225 ns
transactional read: issue time	7041serve time	7225 ns
critical read: issue time	6871serve time	7233 ns
transactional read: issue time	6871serve time	7233 ns
transactional read: issue time	6871serve time	7233 ns
transactional read: issue time	6871serve time	7233 ns
critical read: issue time	7059serve time	7233 ns
transactional read: issue time	7059serve time	7233 ns
transactional read: issue time	7059serve time	7233 ns
transactional read: issue time	7059serve time	7233 ns
critical read: issue time	6743serve time	7241 ns
transactional read: issue time	6743serve time	7241 ns
transactional read: issue time	6743serve time	7241 ns
transactional read: issue time	6743serve time	7241 ns
transactional read: issue time	7056serve time	7241 ns
transactional read: issue time	7056serve time	7241 ns
critical read: issue time	7056serve time	7241 ns
transactional read: issue time	7056serve time	7241 ns
critical read: issue time	6879serve time	7249 ns
transactional read: issue time	6879serve time	7249 ns
transactional read: issue time	6879serve time	7249 ns
transactional read: issue time	6879serve time	7249 ns
critical read: issue time	7067serve time	7249 ns
transactional read: issue time	7067serve time	7249 ns
transactional read: issue time	7067serve time	7249 ns
transactional read: issue time	7067serve time	7249 ns
critical read: issue time	6815serve time	7257 ns
transactional read: issue time	6815serve time	7257 ns
transactional read: issue time	6815serve time	7257 ns
transactional read: issue time	6815serve time	7257 ns
critical read: issue time	7079serve time	7257 ns
transactional read: issue time	7079serve time	7257 ns
transactional read: issue time	7079serve time	7257 ns
transactional read: issue time	7079serve time	7257 ns
critical read: issue time	6865serve time	7265 ns
transactional read: issue time	6865serve time	7265 ns
transactional read: issue time	6865serve time	7265 ns
transactional read: issue time	6865serve time	7265 ns
transactional read: issue time	7082serve time	7265 ns
transactional read: issue time	7082serve time	7265 ns
transactional read: issue time	7082serve time	7265 ns
transactional read: issue time	7082serve time	7265 ns
critical read: issue time	6891serve time	7273 ns
transactional read: issue time	6891serve time	7273 ns
transactional read: issue time	6891serve time	7273 ns
transactional read: issue time	6891serve time	7273 ns
transactional read: issue time	7099serve time	7273 ns
transactional read: issue time	7099serve time	7273 ns
critical read: issue time	7099serve time	7273 ns
transactional read: issue time	7099serve time	7273 ns
transactional read: issue time	6899serve time	7281 ns
critical read: issue time	6899serve time	7281 ns
transactional read: issue time	6899serve time	7281 ns
transactional read: issue time	6899serve time	7281 ns
transactional read: issue time	7117serve time	7281 ns
critical read: issue time	7117serve time	7281 ns
transactional read: issue time	7117serve time	7281 ns
transactional read: issue time	7117serve time	7281 ns
critical read: issue time	6885serve time	7289 ns
transactional read: issue time	6885serve time	7289 ns
transactional read: issue time	6885serve time	7289 ns
transactional read: issue time	6885serve time	7289 ns
critical read: issue time	7119serve time	7289 ns
transactional read: issue time	7119serve time	7289 ns
transactional read: issue time	7119serve time	7289 ns
transactional read: issue time	7119serve time	7289 ns
critical read: issue time	1585serve time	7297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1585serve time	7297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1585serve time	7297 ns
transactional read: issue time	1585serve time	7297 ns
critical read: issue time	7139serve time	7297 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7297 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7297 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7297 ns
critical read: issue time	6915serve time	7305 ns
transactional read: issue time	6915serve time	7305 ns
transactional read: issue time	6915serve time	7305 ns
transactional read: issue time	6915serve time	7305 ns
critical read: issue time	7137serve time	7305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7137serve time	7305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7137serve time	7305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7137serve time	7305 ns
critical read: issue time	6914serve time	7313 ns
transactional read: issue time	6914serve time	7313 ns
transactional read: issue time	6914serve time	7313 ns
transactional read: issue time	6914serve time	7313 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7313 ns
critical read: issue time	7139serve time	7313 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7313 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7313 ns
transactional read: issue time	6939serve time	7321 ns
critical read: issue time	6939serve time	7321 ns
transactional read: issue time	6939serve time	7321 ns
transactional read: issue time	6939serve time	7321 ns
transactional read: issue time	7159serve time	7321 ns
critical read: issue time	7159serve time	7321 ns
transactional read: issue time	7159serve time	7321 ns
transactional read: issue time	7159serve time	7321 ns
critical read: issue time	6965serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	6965serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	6965serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	6965serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	7176serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	7176serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	7176serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	7176serve time	7329 ns
transactional read: issue time	6979serve time	7337 ns
critical read: issue time	6979serve time	7337 ns
transactional read: issue time	6979serve time	7337 ns
transactional read: issue time	6979serve time	7337 ns
critical read: issue time	7181serve time	7337 ns
transactional read: issue time	7181serve time	7337 ns
transactional read: issue time	7181serve time	7337 ns
transactional read: issue time	7181serve time	7337 ns
critical read: issue time	6985serve time	7345 ns
transactional read: issue time	6985serve time	7345 ns
transactional read: issue time	6985serve time	7345 ns
transactional read: issue time	6985serve time	7345 ns
transactional read: issue time	7183serve time	7345 ns
transactional read: issue time	7183serve time	7345 ns
critical read: issue time	7183serve time	7345 ns
transactional read: issue time	7183serve time	7345 ns
critical read: issue time	6999serve time	7353 ns
transactional read: issue time	6999serve time	7353 ns
transactional read: issue time	6999serve time	7353 ns
transactional read: issue time	6999serve time	7353 ns
transactional read: issue time	7201serve time	7353 ns
transactional read: issue time	7201serve time	7353 ns
transactional read: issue time	7201serve time	7353 ns
critical read: issue time	7201serve time	7353 ns
transactional read: issue time	7005serve time	7361 ns
critical read: issue time	7005serve time	7361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7005serve time	7361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7005serve time	7361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7213serve time	7361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7213serve time	7361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7213serve time	7361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7213serve time	7361 ns
critical read: issue time	7003serve time	7369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7003serve time	7369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7003serve time	7369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7003serve time	7369 ns
critical read: issue time	7215serve time	7369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7215serve time	7369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7215serve time	7369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7215serve time	7369 ns
critical read: issue time	6925serve time	7377 ns
transactional read: issue time	6925serve time	7377 ns
transactional read: issue time	6925serve time	7377 ns
transactional read: issue time	6925serve time	7377 ns
transactional read: issue time	7221serve time	7377 ns
transactional read: issue time	7221serve time	7377 ns
transactional read: issue time	7221serve time	7377 ns
critical read: issue time	7221serve time	7377 ns
critical read: issue time	6995serve time	7385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6995serve time	7385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6995serve time	7385 ns
transactional read: issue time	6995serve time	7385 ns
critical read: issue time	7223serve time	7385 ns
transactional read: issue time	7223serve time	7385 ns
transactional read: issue time	7223serve time	7385 ns
transactional read: issue time	7223serve time	7385 ns
critical read: issue time	1605serve time	7393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1605serve time	7393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1605serve time	7393 ns
transactional read: issue time	1605serve time	7393 ns
critical read: issue time	7135serve time	7393 ns
transactional read: issue time	7135serve time	7393 ns
transactional read: issue time	7135serve time	7393 ns
transactional read: issue time	7135serve time	7393 ns
critical read: issue time	1625serve time	7401 ns
transactional read: issue time	1625serve time	7401 ns
transactional read: issue time	1625serve time	7401 ns
transactional read: issue time	1625serve time	7401 ns
transactional read: issue time	7235serve time	7401 ns
transactional read: issue time	7235serve time	7401 ns
transactional read: issue time	7235serve time	7401 ns
critical read: issue time	7235serve time	7401 ns
critical read: issue time	7033serve time	7409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7033serve time	7409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7033serve time	7409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7033serve time	7409 ns
critical read: issue time	7243serve time	7409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7243serve time	7409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7243serve time	7409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7243serve time	7409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7039serve time	7417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7039serve time	7417 ns
critical read: issue time	7039serve time	7417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7039serve time	7417 ns
critical read: issue time	7247serve time	7417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7247serve time	7417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7247serve time	7417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7247serve time	7417 ns
critical read: issue time	7039serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7039serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7039serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7039serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7246serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7246serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7246serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7246serve time	7425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7041serve time	7433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7041serve time	7433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7041serve time	7433 ns
critical read: issue time	7041serve time	7433 ns
critical read: issue time	7260serve time	7433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7260serve time	7433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7260serve time	7433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7260serve time	7433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7047serve time	7441 ns
transactional read: issue time	7047serve time	7441 ns
critical read: issue time	7047serve time	7441 ns
transactional read: issue time	7047serve time	7441 ns
critical read: issue time	7155serve time	7441 ns
transactional read: issue time	7155serve time	7441 ns
transactional read: issue time	7155serve time	7441 ns
transactional read: issue time	7155serve time	7441 ns
critical read: issue time	7059serve time	7449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7059serve time	7449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7059serve time	7449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7059serve time	7449 ns
critical read: issue time	7267serve time	7449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7267serve time	7449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7267serve time	7449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7267serve time	7449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7056serve time	7457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7056serve time	7457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7056serve time	7457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7056serve time	7457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7272serve time	7457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7272serve time	7457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7272serve time	7457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7272serve time	7457 ns
critical read: issue time	7053serve time	7465 ns
transactional read: issue time	7053serve time	7465 ns
transactional read: issue time	7053serve time	7465 ns
transactional read: issue time	7053serve time	7465 ns
critical read: issue time	7175serve time	7465 ns
transactional read: issue time	7175serve time	7465 ns
transactional read: issue time	7175serve time	7465 ns
transactional read: issue time	7175serve time	7465 ns
critical read: issue time	7073serve time	7473 ns
transactional read: issue time	7073serve time	7473 ns
transactional read: issue time	7073serve time	7473 ns
transactional read: issue time	7073serve time	7473 ns
critical read: issue time	7287serve time	7473 ns
transactional read: issue time	7287serve time	7473 ns
transactional read: issue time	7287serve time	7473 ns
transactional read: issue time	7287serve time	7473 ns
critical read: issue time	7081serve time	7481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7081serve time	7481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7081serve time	7481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7081serve time	7481 ns
critical read: issue time	7307serve time	7481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7307serve time	7481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7307serve time	7481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7307serve time	7481 ns
critical read: issue time	7082serve time	7489 ns
transactional read: issue time	7082serve time	7489 ns
transactional read: issue time	7082serve time	7489 ns
transactional read: issue time	7082serve time	7489 ns
transactional read: issue time	7301serve time	7489 ns
transactional read: issue time	7301serve time	7489 ns
critical read: issue time	7301serve time	7489 ns
transactional read: issue time	7301serve time	7489 ns
critical read: issue time	7045serve time	7497 ns
transactional read: issue time	7045serve time	7497 ns
transactional read: issue time	7045serve time	7497 ns
transactional read: issue time	7045serve time	7497 ns
critical read: issue time	7195serve time	7497 ns
transactional read: issue time	7195serve time	7497 ns
transactional read: issue time	7195serve time	7497 ns
transactional read: issue time	7195serve time	7497 ns
critical read: issue time	7096serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7096serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7096serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7096serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7326serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7326serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7326serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7326serve time	7505 ns
transactional read: issue time	7101serve time	7513 ns
critical read: issue time	7101serve time	7513 ns
transactional read: issue time	7101serve time	7513 ns
transactional read: issue time	7101serve time	7513 ns
critical read: issue time	7317serve time	7513 ns
transactional read: issue time	7317serve time	7513 ns
transactional read: issue time	7317serve time	7513 ns
transactional read: issue time	7317serve time	7513 ns
critical read: issue time	7121serve time	7521 ns
transactional read: issue time	7121serve time	7521 ns
transactional read: issue time	7121serve time	7521 ns
transactional read: issue time	7121serve time	7521 ns
critical read: issue time	7337serve time	7521 ns
transactional read: issue time	7337serve time	7521 ns
transactional read: issue time	7337serve time	7521 ns
transactional read: issue time	7337serve time	7521 ns
critical read: issue time	7141serve time	7529 ns
transactional read: issue time	7141serve time	7529 ns
transactional read: issue time	7141serve time	7529 ns
transactional read: issue time	7141serve time	7529 ns
transactional read: issue time	7343serve time	7529 ns
transactional read: issue time	7343serve time	7529 ns
critical read: issue time	7343serve time	7529 ns
transactional read: issue time	7343serve time	7529 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7139serve time	7537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7349serve time	7537 ns
critical read: issue time	7349serve time	7537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7349serve time	7537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7349serve time	7537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7095serve time	7545 ns
critical read: issue time	7095serve time	7545 ns
transactional read: issue time	7095serve time	7545 ns
transactional read: issue time	7095serve time	7545 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7545 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7545 ns
critical read: issue time	7357serve time	7545 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7545 ns
critical read: issue time	7161serve time	7553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7161serve time	7553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7161serve time	7553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7161serve time	7553 ns
critical read: issue time	7363serve time	7553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7363serve time	7553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7363serve time	7553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7363serve time	7553 ns
critical read: issue time	7161serve time	7561 ns
transactional read: issue time	7161serve time	7561 ns
transactional read: issue time	7161serve time	7561 ns
transactional read: issue time	7161serve time	7561 ns
critical read: issue time	7383serve time	7561 ns
transactional read: issue time	7383serve time	7561 ns
transactional read: issue time	7383serve time	7561 ns
transactional read: issue time	7383serve time	7561 ns
transactional read: issue time	7176serve time	7569 ns
transactional read: issue time	7176serve time	7569 ns
critical read: issue time	7176serve time	7569 ns
transactional read: issue time	7176serve time	7569 ns
transactional read: issue time	7403serve time	7569 ns
critical read: issue time	7403serve time	7569 ns
transactional read: issue time	7403serve time	7569 ns
transactional read: issue time	7403serve time	7569 ns
critical read: issue time	7182serve time	7577 ns
transactional read: issue time	7182serve time	7577 ns
transactional read: issue time	7182serve time	7577 ns
transactional read: issue time	7182serve time	7577 ns
critical read: issue time	7409serve time	7577 ns
transactional read: issue time	7409serve time	7577 ns
transactional read: issue time	7409serve time	7577 ns
transactional read: issue time	7409serve time	7577 ns
critical read: issue time	7205serve time	7585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7205serve time	7585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7205serve time	7585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7205serve time	7585 ns
critical read: issue time	7395serve time	7585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7395serve time	7585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7395serve time	7585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7395serve time	7585 ns
critical read: issue time	7115serve time	7593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7115serve time	7593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7115serve time	7593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7115serve time	7593 ns
critical read: issue time	7423serve time	7593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7423serve time	7593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7423serve time	7593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7423serve time	7593 ns
critical read: issue time	7213serve time	7601 ns
transactional read: issue time	7213serve time	7601 ns
transactional read: issue time	7213serve time	7601 ns
transactional read: issue time	7213serve time	7601 ns
critical read: issue time	7357serve time	7601 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7601 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7601 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7601 ns
transactional read: issue time	7221serve time	7609 ns
transactional read: issue time	7221serve time	7609 ns
transactional read: issue time	7221serve time	7609 ns
transactional read: issue time	7221serve time	7609 ns
critical read: issue time	7377serve time	7609 ns
transactional read: issue time	7377serve time	7609 ns
transactional read: issue time	7377serve time	7609 ns
transactional read: issue time	7377serve time	7609 ns
critical read: issue time	7225serve time	7617 ns
transactional read: issue time	7225serve time	7617 ns
transactional read: issue time	7225serve time	7617 ns
transactional read: issue time	7225serve time	7617 ns
transactional read: issue time	7443serve time	7617 ns
transactional read: issue time	7443serve time	7617 ns
critical read: issue time	7443serve time	7617 ns
transactional read: issue time	7443serve time	7617 ns
critical read: issue time	7246serve time	7625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7246serve time	7625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7246serve time	7625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7246serve time	7625 ns
critical read: issue time	7449serve time	7625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7449serve time	7625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7449serve time	7625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7449serve time	7625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7263serve time	7633 ns
transactional read: issue time	7263serve time	7633 ns
transactional read: issue time	7263serve time	7633 ns
critical read: issue time	7263serve time	7633 ns
critical read: issue time	7455serve time	7633 ns
transactional read: issue time	7455serve time	7633 ns
transactional read: issue time	7455serve time	7633 ns
transactional read: issue time	7455serve time	7633 ns
critical read: issue time	7272serve time	7641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7272serve time	7641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7272serve time	7641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7272serve time	7641 ns
critical read: issue time	7085serve time	7641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7085serve time	7641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7085serve time	7641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7085serve time	7641 ns
critical read: issue time	7283serve time	7649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7283serve time	7649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7283serve time	7649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7283serve time	7649 ns
critical read: issue time	7497serve time	7649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7497serve time	7649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7497serve time	7649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7497serve time	7649 ns
critical read: issue time	7290serve time	7657 ns
transactional read: issue time	7290serve time	7657 ns
transactional read: issue time	7290serve time	7657 ns
transactional read: issue time	7290serve time	7657 ns
critical read: issue time	7135serve time	7657 ns
transactional read: issue time	7135serve time	7657 ns
transactional read: issue time	7135serve time	7657 ns
transactional read: issue time	7135serve time	7657 ns
transactional read: issue time	7303serve time	7665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7303serve time	7665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7303serve time	7665 ns
critical read: issue time	7303serve time	7665 ns
critical read: issue time	7157serve time	7665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7157serve time	7665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7157serve time	7665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7157serve time	7665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7301serve time	7673 ns
transactional read: issue time	7301serve time	7673 ns
transactional read: issue time	7301serve time	7673 ns
transactional read: issue time	7301serve time	7673 ns
critical read: issue time	7517serve time	7673 ns
transactional read: issue time	7517serve time	7673 ns
transactional read: issue time	7517serve time	7673 ns
transactional read: issue time	7517serve time	7673 ns
critical read: issue time	7225serve time	7681 ns
transactional read: issue time	7225serve time	7681 ns
transactional read: issue time	7225serve time	7681 ns
transactional read: issue time	7225serve time	7681 ns
transactional read: issue time	7547serve time	7681 ns
transactional read: issue time	7547serve time	7681 ns
transactional read: issue time	7547serve time	7681 ns
critical read: issue time	7547serve time	7681 ns
critical read: issue time	7245serve time	7689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7245serve time	7689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7245serve time	7689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7245serve time	7689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7550serve time	7689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7550serve time	7689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7550serve time	7689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7550serve time	7689 ns
critical read: issue time	7265serve time	7697 ns
transactional read: issue time	7265serve time	7697 ns
transactional read: issue time	7265serve time	7697 ns
transactional read: issue time	7265serve time	7697 ns
transactional read: issue time	7579serve time	7697 ns
transactional read: issue time	7579serve time	7697 ns
critical read: issue time	7579serve time	7697 ns
transactional read: issue time	7579serve time	7697 ns
critical read: issue time	7287serve time	7705 ns
transactional read: issue time	7287serve time	7705 ns
transactional read: issue time	7287serve time	7705 ns
transactional read: issue time	7287serve time	7705 ns
critical read: issue time	7587serve time	7705 ns
transactional read: issue time	7587serve time	7705 ns
transactional read: issue time	7587serve time	7705 ns
transactional read: issue time	7587serve time	7705 ns
critical read: issue time	7323serve time	7713 ns
transactional read: issue time	7323serve time	7713 ns
transactional read: issue time	7323serve time	7713 ns
transactional read: issue time	7323serve time	7713 ns
transactional read: issue time	7580serve time	7713 ns
transactional read: issue time	7580serve time	7713 ns
transactional read: issue time	7580serve time	7713 ns
critical read: issue time	7580serve time	7713 ns
critical read: issue time	7326serve time	7721 ns
transactional read: issue time	7326serve time	7721 ns
transactional read: issue time	7326serve time	7721 ns
transactional read: issue time	7326serve time	7721 ns
critical read: issue time	7557serve time	7721 ns
transactional read: issue time	7557serve time	7721 ns
transactional read: issue time	7557serve time	7721 ns
transactional read: issue time	7557serve time	7721 ns
critical read: issue time	7329serve time	7729 ns
transactional read: issue time	7329serve time	7729 ns
transactional read: issue time	7329serve time	7729 ns
transactional read: issue time	7329serve time	7729 ns
critical read: issue time	7577serve time	7729 ns
transactional read: issue time	7577serve time	7729 ns
transactional read: issue time	7577serve time	7729 ns
transactional read: issue time	7577serve time	7729 ns
critical read: issue time	7327serve time	7737 ns
transactional read: issue time	7327serve time	7737 ns
transactional read: issue time	7327serve time	7737 ns
transactional read: issue time	7327serve time	7737 ns
critical read: issue time	7537serve time	7737 ns
transactional read: issue time	7537serve time	7737 ns
transactional read: issue time	7537serve time	7737 ns
transactional read: issue time	7537serve time	7737 ns
critical read: issue time	7065serve time	7745 ns
transactional read: issue time	7065serve time	7745 ns
transactional read: issue time	7065serve time	7745 ns
transactional read: issue time	7065serve time	7745 ns
transactional read: issue time	7604serve time	7745 ns
transactional read: issue time	7604serve time	7745 ns
transactional read: issue time	7604serve time	7745 ns
transactional read: issue time	7604serve time	7745 ns
critical read: issue time	7355serve time	7753 ns
transactional read: issue time	7355serve time	7753 ns
transactional read: issue time	7355serve time	7753 ns
transactional read: issue time	7355serve time	7753 ns
critical read: issue time	7608serve time	7753 ns
transactional read: issue time	7608serve time	7753 ns
transactional read: issue time	7608serve time	7753 ns
transactional read: issue time	7608serve time	7753 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7761 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7761 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7761 ns
transactional read: issue time	7357serve time	7761 ns
critical read: issue time	7602serve time	7761 ns
transactional read: issue time	7602serve time	7761 ns
transactional read: issue time	7602serve time	7761 ns
transactional read: issue time	7602serve time	7761 ns
critical read: issue time	7369serve time	7769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7369serve time	7769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7369serve time	7769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7369serve time	7769 ns
critical read: issue time	7627serve time	7769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7627serve time	7769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7627serve time	7769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7627serve time	7769 ns
critical read: issue time	7375serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7375serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7375serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7375serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7630serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7630serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7630serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7630serve time	7777 ns
transactional read: issue time	7389serve time	7785 ns
transactional read: issue time	7389serve time	7785 ns
transactional read: issue time	7389serve time	7785 ns
critical read: issue time	7389serve time	7785 ns
transactional read: issue time	7634serve time	7785 ns
transactional read: issue time	7634serve time	7785 ns
transactional read: issue time	7634serve time	7785 ns
critical read: issue time	7634serve time	7785 ns
critical read: issue time	7429serve time	7793 ns
transactional read: issue time	7429serve time	7793 ns
transactional read: issue time	7429serve time	7793 ns
transactional read: issue time	7429serve time	7793 ns
critical read: issue time	7647serve time	7793 ns
transactional read: issue time	7647serve time	7793 ns
transactional read: issue time	7647serve time	7793 ns
transactional read: issue time	7647serve time	7793 ns
critical read: issue time	7415serve time	7801 ns
transactional read: issue time	7415serve time	7801 ns
transactional read: issue time	7415serve time	7801 ns
transactional read: issue time	7415serve time	7801 ns
critical read: issue time	7557serve time	7801 ns
transactional read: issue time	7557serve time	7801 ns
transactional read: issue time	7557serve time	7801 ns
transactional read: issue time	7557serve time	7801 ns
transactional read: issue time	7435serve time	7809 ns
transactional read: issue time	7435serve time	7809 ns
transactional read: issue time	7435serve time	7809 ns
critical read: issue time	7435serve time	7809 ns
critical read: issue time	7681serve time	7809 ns
transactional read: issue time	7681serve time	7809 ns
transactional read: issue time	7681serve time	7809 ns
transactional read: issue time	7681serve time	7809 ns
critical read: issue time	7407serve time	7817 ns
transactional read: issue time	7407serve time	7817 ns
transactional read: issue time	7407serve time	7817 ns
transactional read: issue time	7407serve time	7817 ns
critical read: issue time	7697serve time	7817 ns
transactional read: issue time	7697serve time	7817 ns
transactional read: issue time	7697serve time	7817 ns
transactional read: issue time	7697serve time	7817 ns
critical read: issue time	7427serve time	7825 ns
transactional read: issue time	7427serve time	7825 ns
transactional read: issue time	7427serve time	7825 ns
transactional read: issue time	7427serve time	7825 ns
critical read: issue time	7689serve time	7825 ns
transactional read: issue time	7689serve time	7825 ns
transactional read: issue time	7689serve time	7825 ns
transactional read: issue time	7689serve time	7825 ns
critical read: issue time	7466serve time	7833 ns
transactional read: issue time	7466serve time	7833 ns
transactional read: issue time	7466serve time	7833 ns
transactional read: issue time	7466serve time	7833 ns
critical read: issue time	7701serve time	7833 ns
transactional read: issue time	7701serve time	7833 ns
transactional read: issue time	7701serve time	7833 ns
transactional read: issue time	7701serve time	7833 ns
critical read: issue time	7469serve time	7841 ns
transactional read: issue time	7469serve time	7841 ns
transactional read: issue time	7469serve time	7841 ns
transactional read: issue time	7469serve time	7841 ns
critical read: issue time	7197serve time	7841 ns
transactional read: issue time	7197serve time	7841 ns
transactional read: issue time	7197serve time	7841 ns
transactional read: issue time	7197serve time	7841 ns
transactional read: issue time	7475serve time	7849 ns
transactional read: issue time	7475serve time	7849 ns
critical read: issue time	7475serve time	7849 ns
transactional read: issue time	7475serve time	7849 ns
transactional read: issue time	7721serve time	7849 ns
transactional read: issue time	7721serve time	7849 ns
transactional read: issue time	7721serve time	7849 ns
critical read: issue time	7721serve time	7849 ns
critical read: issue time	7447serve time	7857 ns
transactional read: issue time	7447serve time	7857 ns
transactional read: issue time	7447serve time	7857 ns
transactional read: issue time	7447serve time	7857 ns
critical read: issue time	7720serve time	7857 ns
transactional read: issue time	7720serve time	7857 ns
transactional read: issue time	7720serve time	7857 ns
transactional read: issue time	7720serve time	7857 ns
critical read: issue time	7467serve time	7865 ns
transactional read: issue time	7467serve time	7865 ns
transactional read: issue time	7467serve time	7865 ns
transactional read: issue time	7467serve time	7865 ns
critical read: issue time	7729serve time	7865 ns
transactional read: issue time	7729serve time	7865 ns
transactional read: issue time	7729serve time	7865 ns
transactional read: issue time	7729serve time	7865 ns
critical read: issue time	7105serve time	7873 ns
transactional read: issue time	7105serve time	7873 ns
transactional read: issue time	7105serve time	7873 ns
transactional read: issue time	7105serve time	7873 ns
transactional read: issue time	7737serve time	7873 ns
critical read: issue time	7737serve time	7873 ns
transactional read: issue time	7737serve time	7873 ns
transactional read: issue time	7737serve time	7873 ns
critical read: issue time	7487serve time	7881 ns
transactional read: issue time	7487serve time	7881 ns
transactional read: issue time	7487serve time	7881 ns
transactional read: issue time	7487serve time	7881 ns
transactional read: issue time	7741serve time	7881 ns
transactional read: issue time	7741serve time	7881 ns
critical read: issue time	7741serve time	7881 ns
transactional read: issue time	7741serve time	7881 ns
critical read: issue time	7491serve time	7889 ns
transactional read: issue time	7491serve time	7889 ns
transactional read: issue time	7491serve time	7889 ns
transactional read: issue time	7491serve time	7889 ns
critical read: issue time	7759serve time	7889 ns
transactional read: issue time	7759serve time	7889 ns
transactional read: issue time	7759serve time	7889 ns
transactional read: issue time	7759serve time	7889 ns
critical read: issue time	7495serve time	7897 ns
transactional read: issue time	7495serve time	7897 ns
transactional read: issue time	7495serve time	7897 ns
transactional read: issue time	7495serve time	7897 ns
transactional read: issue time	7761serve time	7897 ns
critical read: issue time	7761serve time	7897 ns
transactional read: issue time	7761serve time	7897 ns
transactional read: issue time	7761serve time	7897 ns
critical read: issue time	7507serve time	7905 ns
transactional read: issue time	7507serve time	7905 ns
transactional read: issue time	7507serve time	7905 ns
transactional read: issue time	7507serve time	7905 ns
critical read: issue time	7767serve time	7905 ns
transactional read: issue time	7767serve time	7905 ns
transactional read: issue time	7767serve time	7905 ns
transactional read: issue time	7767serve time	7905 ns
transactional read: issue time	7511serve time	7913 ns
transactional read: issue time	7511serve time	7913 ns
transactional read: issue time	7511serve time	7913 ns
critical read: issue time	7511serve time	7913 ns
critical read: issue time	7269serve time	7913 ns
transactional read: issue time	7269serve time	7913 ns
transactional read: issue time	7269serve time	7913 ns
transactional read: issue time	7269serve time	7913 ns
critical read: issue time	7177serve time	7921 ns
transactional read: issue time	7177serve time	7921 ns
transactional read: issue time	7177serve time	7921 ns
transactional read: issue time	7177serve time	7921 ns
critical read: issue time	7779serve time	7921 ns
transactional read: issue time	7779serve time	7921 ns
transactional read: issue time	7779serve time	7921 ns
transactional read: issue time	7779serve time	7921 ns
critical read: issue time	7515serve time	7929 ns
transactional read: issue time	7515serve time	7929 ns
transactional read: issue time	7515serve time	7929 ns
transactional read: issue time	7515serve time	7929 ns
transactional read: issue time	7783serve time	7929 ns
transactional read: issue time	7783serve time	7929 ns
critical read: issue time	7783serve time	7929 ns
transactional read: issue time	7783serve time	7929 ns
critical read: issue time	7527serve time	7937 ns
transactional read: issue time	7527serve time	7937 ns
transactional read: issue time	7527serve time	7937 ns
transactional read: issue time	7527serve time	7937 ns
transactional read: issue time	7799serve time	7937 ns
transactional read: issue time	7799serve time	7937 ns
transactional read: issue time	7799serve time	7937 ns
critical read: issue time	7799serve time	7937 ns
critical read: issue time	7533serve time	7945 ns
transactional read: issue time	7533serve time	7945 ns
transactional read: issue time	7533serve time	7945 ns
transactional read: issue time	7533serve time	7945 ns
transactional read: issue time	7803serve time	7945 ns
critical read: issue time	7803serve time	7945 ns
transactional read: issue time	7803serve time	7945 ns
transactional read: issue time	7803serve time	7945 ns
critical read: issue time	7550serve time	7953 ns
transactional read: issue time	7550serve time	7953 ns
transactional read: issue time	7550serve time	7953 ns
transactional read: issue time	7550serve time	7953 ns
critical read: issue time	7331serve time	7953 ns
transactional read: issue time	7331serve time	7953 ns
transactional read: issue time	7331serve time	7953 ns
transactional read: issue time	7331serve time	7953 ns
transactional read: issue time	7553serve time	7961 ns
transactional read: issue time	7553serve time	7961 ns
transactional read: issue time	7553serve time	7961 ns
critical read: issue time	7553serve time	7961 ns
transactional read: issue time	7813serve time	7961 ns
transactional read: issue time	7813serve time	7961 ns
transactional read: issue time	7813serve time	7961 ns
transactional read: issue time	7813serve time	7961 ns
transactional read: issue time	7535serve time	7969 ns
critical read: issue time	7535serve time	7969 ns
transactional read: issue time	7535serve time	7969 ns
transactional read: issue time	7535serve time	7969 ns
critical read: issue time	7821serve time	7969 ns
transactional read: issue time	7821serve time	7969 ns
transactional read: issue time	7821serve time	7969 ns
transactional read: issue time	7821serve time	7969 ns
critical read: issue time	7567serve time	7977 ns
transactional read: issue time	7567serve time	7977 ns
transactional read: issue time	7567serve time	7977 ns
transactional read: issue time	7567serve time	7977 ns
transactional read: issue time	7393serve time	7977 ns
transactional read: issue time	7393serve time	7977 ns
critical read: issue time	7393serve time	7977 ns
transactional read: issue time	7393serve time	7977 ns
transactional read: issue time	7579serve time	7985 ns
transactional read: issue time	7579serve time	7985 ns
transactional read: issue time	7579serve time	7985 ns
transactional read: issue time	7579serve time	7985 ns
critical read: issue time	7413serve time	7985 ns
transactional read: issue time	7413serve time	7985 ns
transactional read: issue time	7413serve time	7985 ns
transactional read: issue time	7413serve time	7985 ns
critical read: issue time	7604serve time	7993 ns
transactional read: issue time	7604serve time	7993 ns
transactional read: issue time	7604serve time	7993 ns
transactional read: issue time	7604serve time	7993 ns
critical read: issue time	7473serve time	7993 ns
transactional read: issue time	7473serve time	7993 ns
transactional read: issue time	7473serve time	7993 ns
transactional read: issue time	7473serve time	7993 ns
transactional read: issue time	7607serve time	8001 ns
transactional read: issue time	7607serve time	8001 ns
transactional read: issue time	7607serve time	8001 ns
critical read: issue time	7607serve time	8001 ns
transactional read: issue time	7850serve time	8001 ns
transactional read: issue time	7850serve time	8001 ns
transactional read: issue time	7850serve time	8001 ns
critical read: issue time	7850serve time	8001 ns
critical read: issue time	7630serve time	8009 ns
transactional read: issue time	7630serve time	8009 ns
transactional read: issue time	7630serve time	8009 ns
transactional read: issue time	7630serve time	8009 ns
critical read: issue time	7493serve time	8009 ns
transactional read: issue time	7493serve time	8009 ns
transactional read: issue time	7493serve time	8009 ns
transactional read: issue time	7493serve time	8009 ns
transactional read: issue time	7625serve time	8017 ns
transactional read: issue time	7625serve time	8017 ns
critical read: issue time	7625serve time	8017 ns
transactional read: issue time	7625serve time	8017 ns
transactional read: issue time	7861serve time	8017 ns
transactional read: issue time	7861serve time	8017 ns
transactional read: issue time	7861serve time	8017 ns
critical read: issue time	7861serve time	8017 ns
transactional read: issue time	7661serve time	8025 ns
transactional read: issue time	7661serve time	8025 ns
critical read: issue time	7661serve time	8025 ns
transactional read: issue time	7661serve time	8025 ns
transactional read: issue time	7858serve time	8025 ns
transactional read: issue time	7858serve time	8025 ns
transactional read: issue time	7858serve time	8025 ns
transactional read: issue time	7858serve time	8025 ns
critical read: issue time	7645serve time	8033 ns
transactional read: issue time	7645serve time	8033 ns
transactional read: issue time	7645serve time	8033 ns
transactional read: issue time	7645serve time	8033 ns
transactional read: issue time	7901serve time	8033 ns
transactional read: issue time	7901serve time	8033 ns
transactional read: issue time	7901serve time	8033 ns
critical read: issue time	7901serve time	8033 ns
critical read: issue time	7677serve time	8041 ns
transactional read: issue time	7677serve time	8041 ns
transactional read: issue time	7677serve time	8041 ns
transactional read: issue time	7677serve time	8041 ns
transactional read: issue time	7891serve time	8041 ns
transactional read: issue time	7891serve time	8041 ns
transactional read: issue time	7891serve time	8041 ns
critical read: issue time	7891serve time	8041 ns
critical read: issue time	7587serve time	8049 ns
transactional read: issue time	7587serve time	8049 ns
transactional read: issue time	7587serve time	8049 ns
transactional read: issue time	7587serve time	8049 ns
critical read: issue time	7913serve time	8049 ns
transactional read: issue time	7913serve time	8049 ns
transactional read: issue time	7913serve time	8049 ns
transactional read: issue time	7913serve time	8049 ns
critical read: issue time	7607serve time	8057 ns
transactional read: issue time	7607serve time	8057 ns
transactional read: issue time	7607serve time	8057 ns
transactional read: issue time	7607serve time	8057 ns
critical read: issue time	7865serve time	8057 ns
transactional read: issue time	7865serve time	8057 ns
transactional read: issue time	7865serve time	8057 ns
transactional read: issue time	7865serve time	8057 ns
critical read: issue time	7627serve time	8065 ns
transactional read: issue time	7627serve time	8065 ns
transactional read: issue time	7627serve time	8065 ns
transactional read: issue time	7627serve time	8065 ns
critical read: issue time	7923serve time	8065 ns
transactional read: issue time	7923serve time	8065 ns
transactional read: issue time	7923serve time	8065 ns
transactional read: issue time	7923serve time	8065 ns
critical read: issue time	7690serve time	8073 ns
transactional read: issue time	7690serve time	8073 ns
transactional read: issue time	7690serve time	8073 ns
transactional read: issue time	7690serve time	8073 ns
critical read: issue time	7943serve time	8073 ns
transactional read: issue time	7943serve time	8073 ns
transactional read: issue time	7943serve time	8073 ns
transactional read: issue time	7943serve time	8073 ns
transactional read: issue time	7668serve time	8081 ns
transactional read: issue time	7668serve time	8081 ns
transactional read: issue time	7668serve time	8081 ns
critical read: issue time	7668serve time	8081 ns
critical read: issue time	7887serve time	8081 ns
transactional read: issue time	7887serve time	8081 ns
transactional read: issue time	7887serve time	8081 ns
transactional read: issue time	7887serve time	8081 ns
transactional read: issue time	7709serve time	8089 ns
critical read: issue time	7709serve time	8089 ns
transactional read: issue time	7709serve time	8089 ns
transactional read: issue time	7709serve time	8089 ns
critical read: issue time	7907serve time	8089 ns
transactional read: issue time	7907serve time	8089 ns
transactional read: issue time	7907serve time	8089 ns
transactional read: issue time	7907serve time	8089 ns
critical read: issue time	7227serve time	8097 ns
transactional read: issue time	7227serve time	8097 ns
transactional read: issue time	7227serve time	8097 ns
transactional read: issue time	7227serve time	8097 ns
critical read: issue time	7927serve time	8097 ns
transactional read: issue time	7927serve time	8097 ns
transactional read: issue time	7927serve time	8097 ns
transactional read: issue time	7927serve time	8097 ns
critical read: issue time	7717serve time	8105 ns
transactional read: issue time	7717serve time	8105 ns
transactional read: issue time	7717serve time	8105 ns
transactional read: issue time	7717serve time	8105 ns
transactional read: issue time	7956serve time	8105 ns
transactional read: issue time	7956serve time	8105 ns
transactional read: issue time	7956serve time	8105 ns
transactional read: issue time	7956serve time	8105 ns
critical read: issue time	7749serve time	8113 ns
transactional read: issue time	7749serve time	8113 ns
transactional read: issue time	7749serve time	8113 ns
transactional read: issue time	7749serve time	8113 ns
critical read: issue time	7981serve time	8113 ns
transactional read: issue time	7981serve time	8113 ns
transactional read: issue time	7981serve time	8113 ns
transactional read: issue time	7981serve time	8113 ns
critical read: issue time	7249serve time	8121 ns
transactional read: issue time	7249serve time	8121 ns
transactional read: issue time	7249serve time	8121 ns
transactional read: issue time	7249serve time	8121 ns
critical read: issue time	7960serve time	8121 ns
transactional read: issue time	7960serve time	8121 ns
transactional read: issue time	7960serve time	8121 ns
transactional read: issue time	7960serve time	8121 ns
transactional read: issue time	7289serve time	8129 ns
critical read: issue time	7289serve time	8129 ns
transactional read: issue time	7289serve time	8129 ns
transactional read: issue time	7289serve time	8129 ns
critical read: issue time	7535serve time	8129 ns
transactional read: issue time	7535serve time	8129 ns
transactional read: issue time	7535serve time	8129 ns
transactional read: issue time	7535serve time	8129 ns
critical read: issue time	7779serve time	8137 ns
transactional read: issue time	7779serve time	8137 ns
transactional read: issue time	7779serve time	8137 ns
transactional read: issue time	7779serve time	8137 ns
transactional read: issue time	7595serve time	8137 ns
critical read: issue time	7595serve time	8137 ns
transactional read: issue time	7595serve time	8137 ns
transactional read: issue time	7595serve time	8137 ns
transactional read: issue time	7789serve time	8145 ns
transactional read: issue time	7789serve time	8145 ns
critical read: issue time	7789serve time	8145 ns
transactional read: issue time	7789serve time	8145 ns
critical read: issue time	8021serve time	8145 ns
transactional read: issue time	8021serve time	8145 ns
transactional read: issue time	8021serve time	8145 ns
transactional read: issue time	8021serve time	8145 ns
critical read: issue time	7799serve time	8153 ns
transactional read: issue time	7799serve time	8153 ns
transactional read: issue time	7799serve time	8153 ns
transactional read: issue time	7799serve time	8153 ns
critical read: issue time	8027serve time	8153 ns
transactional read: issue time	8027serve time	8153 ns
transactional read: issue time	8027serve time	8153 ns
transactional read: issue time	8027serve time	8153 ns
critical read: issue time	7311serve time	8161 ns
transactional read: issue time	7311serve time	8161 ns
transactional read: issue time	7311serve time	8161 ns
transactional read: issue time	7311serve time	8161 ns
critical read: issue time	8023serve time	8161 ns
transactional read: issue time	8023serve time	8161 ns
transactional read: issue time	8023serve time	8161 ns
transactional read: issue time	8023serve time	8161 ns
critical read: issue time	7353serve time	8169 ns
transactional read: issue time	7353serve time	8169 ns
transactional read: issue time	7353serve time	8169 ns
transactional read: issue time	7353serve time	8169 ns
transactional read: issue time	7615serve time	8169 ns
transactional read: issue time	7615serve time	8169 ns
critical read: issue time	7615serve time	8169 ns
transactional read: issue time	7615serve time	8169 ns
critical read: issue time	7811serve time	8177 ns
transactional read: issue time	7811serve time	8177 ns
transactional read: issue time	7811serve time	8177 ns
transactional read: issue time	7811serve time	8177 ns
critical read: issue time	8047serve time	8177 ns
transactional read: issue time	8047serve time	8177 ns
transactional read: issue time	8047serve time	8177 ns
transactional read: issue time	8047serve time	8177 ns
critical read: issue time	7813serve time	8185 ns
transactional read: issue time	7813serve time	8185 ns
transactional read: issue time	7813serve time	8185 ns
transactional read: issue time	7813serve time	8185 ns
critical read: issue time	8061serve time	8185 ns
transactional read: issue time	8061serve time	8185 ns
transactional read: issue time	8061serve time	8185 ns
transactional read: issue time	8061serve time	8185 ns
critical read: issue time	7373serve time	8193 ns
transactional read: issue time	7373serve time	8193 ns
transactional read: issue time	7373serve time	8193 ns
transactional read: issue time	7373serve time	8193 ns
transactional read: issue time	8067serve time	8193 ns
transactional read: issue time	8067serve time	8193 ns
critical read: issue time	8067serve time	8193 ns
transactional read: issue time	8067serve time	8193 ns
critical read: issue time	7819serve time	8201 ns
transactional read: issue time	7819serve time	8201 ns
transactional read: issue time	7819serve time	8201 ns
transactional read: issue time	7819serve time	8201 ns
critical read: issue time	8061serve time	8201 ns
transactional read: issue time	8061serve time	8201 ns
transactional read: issue time	8061serve time	8201 ns
transactional read: issue time	8061serve time	8201 ns
critical read: issue time	7823serve time	8209 ns
transactional read: issue time	7823serve time	8209 ns
transactional read: issue time	7823serve time	8209 ns
transactional read: issue time	7823serve time	8209 ns
transactional read: issue time	8101serve time	8209 ns
critical read: issue time	8101serve time	8209 ns
transactional read: issue time	8101serve time	8209 ns
transactional read: issue time	8101serve time	8209 ns
critical read: issue time	7433serve time	8217 ns
transactional read: issue time	7433serve time	8217 ns
transactional read: issue time	7433serve time	8217 ns
transactional read: issue time	7433serve time	8217 ns
transactional read: issue time	8087serve time	8217 ns
transactional read: issue time	8087serve time	8217 ns
transactional read: issue time	8087serve time	8217 ns
critical read: issue time	8087serve time	8217 ns
transactional read: issue time	7453serve time	8225 ns
transactional read: issue time	7453serve time	8225 ns
transactional read: issue time	7453serve time	8225 ns
critical read: issue time	7453serve time	8225 ns
critical read: issue time	8083serve time	8225 ns
transactional read: issue time	8083serve time	8225 ns
transactional read: issue time	8083serve time	8225 ns
transactional read: issue time	8083serve time	8225 ns
critical read: issue time	7841serve time	8233 ns
transactional read: issue time	7841serve time	8233 ns
transactional read: issue time	7841serve time	8233 ns
transactional read: issue time	7841serve time	8233 ns
transactional read: issue time	8126serve time	8233 ns
transactional read: issue time	8126serve time	8233 ns
transactional read: issue time	8126serve time	8233 ns
transactional read: issue time	8126serve time	8233 ns
critical read: issue time	7843serve time	8241 ns
transactional read: issue time	7843serve time	8241 ns
transactional read: issue time	7843serve time	8241 ns
transactional read: issue time	7843serve time	8241 ns
critical read: issue time	8053serve time	8241 ns
transactional read: issue time	8053serve time	8241 ns
transactional read: issue time	8053serve time	8241 ns
transactional read: issue time	8053serve time	8241 ns
transactional read: issue time	7841serve time	8249 ns
critical read: issue time	7841serve time	8249 ns
transactional read: issue time	7841serve time	8249 ns
transactional read: issue time	7841serve time	8249 ns
critical read: issue time	8078serve time	8249 ns
transactional read: issue time	8078serve time	8249 ns
transactional read: issue time	8078serve time	8249 ns
transactional read: issue time	8078serve time	8249 ns
critical read: issue time	7863serve time	8257 ns
transactional read: issue time	7863serve time	8257 ns
transactional read: issue time	7863serve time	8257 ns
transactional read: issue time	7863serve time	8257 ns
critical read: issue time	8141serve time	8257 ns
transactional read: issue time	8141serve time	8257 ns
transactional read: issue time	8141serve time	8257 ns
transactional read: issue time	8141serve time	8257 ns
critical read: issue time	7858serve time	8265 ns
transactional read: issue time	7858serve time	8265 ns
transactional read: issue time	7858serve time	8265 ns
transactional read: issue time	7858serve time	8265 ns
critical read: issue time	8145serve time	8265 ns
transactional read: issue time	8145serve time	8265 ns
transactional read: issue time	8145serve time	8265 ns
transactional read: issue time	8145serve time	8265 ns
critical read: issue time	7881serve time	8273 ns
transactional read: issue time	7881serve time	8273 ns
transactional read: issue time	7881serve time	8273 ns
transactional read: issue time	7881serve time	8273 ns
critical read: issue time	8155serve time	8273 ns
transactional read: issue time	8155serve time	8273 ns
transactional read: issue time	8155serve time	8273 ns
transactional read: issue time	8155serve time	8273 ns
critical read: issue time	7883serve time	8281 ns
transactional read: issue time	7883serve time	8281 ns
transactional read: issue time	7883serve time	8281 ns
transactional read: issue time	7883serve time	8281 ns
critical read: issue time	8163serve time	8281 ns
transactional read: issue time	8163serve time	8281 ns
transactional read: issue time	8163serve time	8281 ns
transactional read: issue time	8163serve time	8281 ns
critical read: issue time	7871serve time	8289 ns
transactional read: issue time	7871serve time	8289 ns
transactional read: issue time	7871serve time	8289 ns
transactional read: issue time	7871serve time	8289 ns
critical read: issue time	8183serve time	8289 ns
transactional read: issue time	8183serve time	8289 ns
transactional read: issue time	8183serve time	8289 ns
transactional read: issue time	8183serve time	8289 ns
critical read: issue time	7903serve time	8297 ns
transactional read: issue time	7903serve time	8297 ns
transactional read: issue time	7903serve time	8297 ns
transactional read: issue time	7903serve time	8297 ns
critical read: issue time	8197serve time	8297 ns
transactional read: issue time	8197serve time	8297 ns
transactional read: issue time	8197serve time	8297 ns
transactional read: issue time	8197serve time	8297 ns
critical read: issue time	7921serve time	8305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7921serve time	8305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7921serve time	8305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7921serve time	8305 ns
critical read: issue time	7675serve time	8305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7675serve time	8305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7675serve time	8305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7675serve time	8305 ns
transactional read: issue time	7941serve time	8313 ns
transactional read: issue time	7941serve time	8313 ns
critical read: issue time	7941serve time	8313 ns
transactional read: issue time	7941serve time	8313 ns
transactional read: issue time	8203serve time	8313 ns
transactional read: issue time	8203serve time	8313 ns
transactional read: issue time	8203serve time	8313 ns
critical read: issue time	8203serve time	8313 ns
critical read: issue time	7956serve time	8321 ns
transactional read: issue time	7956serve time	8321 ns
transactional read: issue time	7956serve time	8321 ns
transactional read: issue time	7956serve time	8321 ns
transactional read: issue time	8205serve time	8321 ns
critical read: issue time	8205serve time	8321 ns
transactional read: issue time	8205serve time	8321 ns
transactional read: issue time	8205serve time	8321 ns
transactional read: issue time	7961serve time	8329 ns
critical read: issue time	7961serve time	8329 ns
transactional read: issue time	7961serve time	8329 ns
transactional read: issue time	7961serve time	8329 ns
critical read: issue time	8217serve time	8329 ns
transactional read: issue time	8217serve time	8329 ns
transactional read: issue time	8217serve time	8329 ns
transactional read: issue time	8217serve time	8329 ns
transactional read: issue time	7963serve time	8337 ns
transactional read: issue time	7963serve time	8337 ns
transactional read: issue time	7963serve time	8337 ns
critical read: issue time	7963serve time	8337 ns
critical read: issue time	8223serve time	8337 ns
transactional read: issue time	8223serve time	8337 ns
transactional read: issue time	8223serve time	8337 ns
transactional read: issue time	8223serve time	8337 ns
critical read: issue time	7985serve time	8345 ns
transactional read: issue time	7985serve time	8345 ns
transactional read: issue time	7985serve time	8345 ns
transactional read: issue time	7985serve time	8345 ns
transactional read: issue time	8229serve time	8345 ns
critical read: issue time	8229serve time	8345 ns
transactional read: issue time	8229serve time	8345 ns
transactional read: issue time	8229serve time	8345 ns
critical read: issue time	7947serve time	8353 ns
transactional read: issue time	7947serve time	8353 ns
transactional read: issue time	7947serve time	8353 ns
transactional read: issue time	7947serve time	8353 ns
critical read: issue time	8231serve time	8353 ns
transactional read: issue time	8231serve time	8353 ns
transactional read: issue time	8231serve time	8353 ns
transactional read: issue time	8231serve time	8353 ns
critical read: issue time	7994serve time	8361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7994serve time	8361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7994serve time	8361 ns
transactional read: issue time	7994serve time	8361 ns
critical read: issue time	8237serve time	8361 ns
transactional read: issue time	8237serve time	8361 ns
transactional read: issue time	8237serve time	8361 ns
transactional read: issue time	8237serve time	8361 ns
critical read: issue time	7977serve time	8369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7977serve time	8369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7977serve time	8369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7977serve time	8369 ns
critical read: issue time	8257serve time	8369 ns
transactional read: issue time	8257serve time	8369 ns
transactional read: issue time	8257serve time	8369 ns
transactional read: issue time	8257serve time	8369 ns
transactional read: issue time	7513serve time	8377 ns
transactional read: issue time	7513serve time	8377 ns
transactional read: issue time	7513serve time	8377 ns
critical read: issue time	7513serve time	8377 ns
transactional read: issue time	8263serve time	8377 ns
transactional read: issue time	8263serve time	8377 ns
transactional read: issue time	8263serve time	8377 ns
critical read: issue time	8263serve time	8377 ns
critical read: issue time	8001serve time	8385 ns
transactional read: issue time	8001serve time	8385 ns
transactional read: issue time	8001serve time	8385 ns
transactional read: issue time	8001serve time	8385 ns
critical read: issue time	8256serve time	8385 ns
transactional read: issue time	8256serve time	8385 ns
transactional read: issue time	8256serve time	8385 ns
transactional read: issue time	8256serve time	8385 ns
transactional read: issue time	8005serve time	8393 ns
transactional read: issue time	8005serve time	8393 ns
transactional read: issue time	8005serve time	8393 ns
critical read: issue time	8005serve time	8393 ns
critical read: issue time	7735serve time	8393 ns
transactional read: issue time	7735serve time	8393 ns
transactional read: issue time	7735serve time	8393 ns
transactional read: issue time	7735serve time	8393 ns
critical read: issue time	8002serve time	8401 ns
transactional read: issue time	8002serve time	8401 ns
transactional read: issue time	8002serve time	8401 ns
transactional read: issue time	8002serve time	8401 ns
critical read: issue time	8277serve time	8401 ns
transactional read: issue time	8277serve time	8401 ns
transactional read: issue time	8277serve time	8401 ns
transactional read: issue time	8277serve time	8401 ns
transactional read: issue time	7555serve time	8409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7555serve time	8409 ns
transactional read: issue time	7555serve time	8409 ns
critical read: issue time	7555serve time	8409 ns
transactional read: issue time	8279serve time	8409 ns
transactional read: issue time	8279serve time	8409 ns
transactional read: issue time	8279serve time	8409 ns
critical read: issue time	8279serve time	8409 ns
critical read: issue time	7575serve time	8417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7575serve time	8417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7575serve time	8417 ns
transactional read: issue time	7575serve time	8417 ns
critical read: issue time	8291serve time	8417 ns
transactional read: issue time	8291serve time	8417 ns
transactional read: issue time	8291serve time	8417 ns
transactional read: issue time	8291serve time	8417 ns
transactional read: issue time	8015serve time	8425 ns
transactional read: issue time	8015serve time	8425 ns
critical read: issue time	8015serve time	8425 ns
transactional read: issue time	8015serve time	8425 ns
critical read: issue time	7795serve time	8425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7795serve time	8425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7795serve time	8425 ns
transactional read: issue time	7795serve time	8425 ns
critical read: issue time	7635serve time	8433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7635serve time	8433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7635serve time	8433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7635serve time	8433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7835serve time	8433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7835serve time	8433 ns
transactional read: issue time	7835serve time	8433 ns
critical read: issue time	7835serve time	8433 ns
transactional read: issue time	8041serve time	8441 ns
transactional read: issue time	8041serve time	8441 ns
critical read: issue time	8041serve time	8441 ns
transactional read: issue time	8041serve time	8441 ns
transactional read: issue time	8303serve time	8441 ns
transactional read: issue time	8303serve time	8441 ns
transactional read: issue time	8303serve time	8441 ns
critical read: issue time	8303serve time	8441 ns
critical read: issue time	8040serve time	8449 ns
transactional read: issue time	8040serve time	8449 ns
transactional read: issue time	8040serve time	8449 ns
transactional read: issue time	8040serve time	8449 ns
critical read: issue time	7875serve time	8449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7875serve time	8449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7875serve time	8449 ns
transactional read: issue time	7875serve time	8449 ns
critical read: issue time	8081serve time	8457 ns
transactional read: issue time	8081serve time	8457 ns
transactional read: issue time	8081serve time	8457 ns
transactional read: issue time	8081serve time	8457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7915serve time	8457 ns
critical read: issue time	7915serve time	8457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7915serve time	8457 ns
transactional read: issue time	7915serve time	8457 ns
critical read: issue time	8110serve time	8465 ns
transactional read: issue time	8110serve time	8465 ns
transactional read: issue time	8110serve time	8465 ns
transactional read: issue time	8110serve time	8465 ns
transactional read: issue time	8319serve time	8465 ns
transactional read: issue time	8319serve time	8465 ns
transactional read: issue time	8319serve time	8465 ns
critical read: issue time	8319serve time	8465 ns
critical read: issue time	8103serve time	8473 ns
transactional read: issue time	8103serve time	8473 ns
transactional read: issue time	8103serve time	8473 ns
transactional read: issue time	8103serve time	8473 ns
transactional read: issue time	8331serve time	8473 ns
transactional read: issue time	8331serve time	8473 ns
critical read: issue time	8331serve time	8473 ns
transactional read: issue time	8331serve time	8473 ns
critical read: issue time	8121serve time	8481 ns
transactional read: issue time	8121serve time	8481 ns
transactional read: issue time	8121serve time	8481 ns
transactional read: issue time	8121serve time	8481 ns
critical read: issue time	7937serve time	8481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7937serve time	8481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7937serve time	8481 ns
transactional read: issue time	7937serve time	8481 ns
critical read: issue time	8124serve time	8489 ns
transactional read: issue time	8124serve time	8489 ns
transactional read: issue time	8124serve time	8489 ns
transactional read: issue time	8124serve time	8489 ns
transactional read: issue time	8343serve time	8489 ns
transactional read: issue time	8343serve time	8489 ns
critical read: issue time	8343serve time	8489 ns
transactional read: issue time	8343serve time	8489 ns
critical read: issue time	8126serve time	8497 ns
transactional read: issue time	8126serve time	8497 ns
transactional read: issue time	8126serve time	8497 ns
transactional read: issue time	8126serve time	8497 ns
critical read: issue time	8351serve time	8497 ns
transactional read: issue time	8351serve time	8497 ns
transactional read: issue time	8351serve time	8497 ns
transactional read: issue time	8351serve time	8497 ns
critical read: issue time	8131serve time	8505 ns
transactional read: issue time	8131serve time	8505 ns
transactional read: issue time	8131serve time	8505 ns
transactional read: issue time	8131serve time	8505 ns
critical read: issue time	8359serve time	8505 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8505 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8505 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8505 ns
critical read: issue time	8099serve time	8513 ns
transactional read: issue time	8099serve time	8513 ns
transactional read: issue time	8099serve time	8513 ns
transactional read: issue time	8099serve time	8513 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8513 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8513 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8513 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8513 ns
critical read: issue time	8129serve time	8521 ns
transactional read: issue time	8129serve time	8521 ns
transactional read: issue time	8129serve time	8521 ns
transactional read: issue time	8129serve time	8521 ns
transactional read: issue time	8379serve time	8521 ns
transactional read: issue time	8379serve time	8521 ns
transactional read: issue time	8379serve time	8521 ns
critical read: issue time	8379serve time	8521 ns
critical read: issue time	8153serve time	8529 ns
transactional read: issue time	8153serve time	8529 ns
transactional read: issue time	8153serve time	8529 ns
transactional read: issue time	8153serve time	8529 ns
critical read: issue time	8383serve time	8529 ns
transactional read: issue time	8383serve time	8529 ns
transactional read: issue time	8383serve time	8529 ns
transactional read: issue time	8383serve time	8529 ns
critical read: issue time	7655serve time	8537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7655serve time	8537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7655serve time	8537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7655serve time	8537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7957serve time	8537 ns
critical read: issue time	7957serve time	8537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7957serve time	8537 ns
transactional read: issue time	7957serve time	8537 ns
critical read: issue time	8165serve time	8545 ns
transactional read: issue time	8165serve time	8545 ns
transactional read: issue time	8165serve time	8545 ns
transactional read: issue time	8165serve time	8545 ns
critical read: issue time	8408serve time	8545 ns
transactional read: issue time	8408serve time	8545 ns
transactional read: issue time	8408serve time	8545 ns
transactional read: issue time	8408serve time	8545 ns
critical read: issue time	8175serve time	8553 ns
transactional read: issue time	8175serve time	8553 ns
transactional read: issue time	8175serve time	8553 ns
transactional read: issue time	8175serve time	8553 ns
critical read: issue time	7997serve time	8553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7997serve time	8553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7997serve time	8553 ns
transactional read: issue time	7997serve time	8553 ns
critical read: issue time	8185serve time	8561 ns
transactional read: issue time	8185serve time	8561 ns
transactional read: issue time	8185serve time	8561 ns
transactional read: issue time	8185serve time	8561 ns
critical read: issue time	8445serve time	8561 ns
transactional read: issue time	8445serve time	8561 ns
transactional read: issue time	8445serve time	8561 ns
transactional read: issue time	8445serve time	8561 ns
critical read: issue time	8175serve time	8569 ns
transactional read: issue time	8175serve time	8569 ns
transactional read: issue time	8175serve time	8569 ns
transactional read: issue time	8175serve time	8569 ns
transactional read: issue time	8440serve time	8569 ns
transactional read: issue time	8440serve time	8569 ns
transactional read: issue time	8440serve time	8569 ns
transactional read: issue time	8440serve time	8569 ns
critical read: issue time	8211serve time	8577 ns
transactional read: issue time	8211serve time	8577 ns
transactional read: issue time	8211serve time	8577 ns
transactional read: issue time	8211serve time	8577 ns
critical read: issue time	8429serve time	8577 ns
transactional read: issue time	8429serve time	8577 ns
transactional read: issue time	8429serve time	8577 ns
transactional read: issue time	8429serve time	8577 ns
critical read: issue time	7695serve time	8585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7695serve time	8585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7695serve time	8585 ns
transactional read: issue time	7695serve time	8585 ns
critical read: issue time	8485serve time	8585 ns
transactional read: issue time	8485serve time	8585 ns
transactional read: issue time	8485serve time	8585 ns
transactional read: issue time	8485serve time	8585 ns
critical read: issue time	7715serve time	8593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7715serve time	8593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7715serve time	8593 ns
transactional read: issue time	7715serve time	8593 ns
critical read: issue time	8483serve time	8593 ns
transactional read: issue time	8483serve time	8593 ns
transactional read: issue time	8483serve time	8593 ns
transactional read: issue time	8483serve time	8593 ns
critical read: issue time	8243serve time	8601 ns
transactional read: issue time	8243serve time	8601 ns
transactional read: issue time	8243serve time	8601 ns
transactional read: issue time	8243serve time	8601 ns
critical read: issue time	8479serve time	8601 ns
transactional read: issue time	8479serve time	8601 ns
transactional read: issue time	8479serve time	8601 ns
transactional read: issue time	8479serve time	8601 ns
critical read: issue time	8249serve time	8609 ns
transactional read: issue time	8249serve time	8609 ns
transactional read: issue time	8249serve time	8609 ns
transactional read: issue time	8249serve time	8609 ns
critical read: issue time	8505serve time	8609 ns
transactional read: issue time	8505serve time	8609 ns
transactional read: issue time	8505serve time	8609 ns
transactional read: issue time	8505serve time	8609 ns
transactional read: issue time	8269serve time	8617 ns
transactional read: issue time	8269serve time	8617 ns
critical read: issue time	8269serve time	8617 ns
transactional read: issue time	8269serve time	8617 ns
critical read: issue time	8503serve time	8617 ns
transactional read: issue time	8503serve time	8617 ns
transactional read: issue time	8503serve time	8617 ns
transactional read: issue time	8503serve time	8617 ns
critical read: issue time	8283serve time	8625 ns
transactional read: issue time	8283serve time	8625 ns
transactional read: issue time	8283serve time	8625 ns
transactional read: issue time	8283serve time	8625 ns
critical read: issue time	8525serve time	8625 ns
transactional read: issue time	8525serve time	8625 ns
transactional read: issue time	8525serve time	8625 ns
transactional read: issue time	8525serve time	8625 ns
transactional read: issue time	7755serve time	8633 ns
transactional read: issue time	7755serve time	8633 ns
transactional read: issue time	7755serve time	8633 ns
critical read: issue time	7755serve time	8633 ns
critical read: issue time	8523serve time	8633 ns
transactional read: issue time	8523serve time	8633 ns
transactional read: issue time	8523serve time	8633 ns
transactional read: issue time	8523serve time	8633 ns
critical read: issue time	7775serve time	8641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7775serve time	8641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7775serve time	8641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7775serve time	8641 ns
critical read: issue time	8539serve time	8641 ns
transactional read: issue time	8539serve time	8641 ns
transactional read: issue time	8539serve time	8641 ns
transactional read: issue time	8539serve time	8641 ns
transactional read: issue time	7815serve time	8649 ns
critical read: issue time	7815serve time	8649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7815serve time	8649 ns
transactional read: issue time	7815serve time	8649 ns
transactional read: issue time	8565serve time	8649 ns
transactional read: issue time	8565serve time	8649 ns
critical read: issue time	8565serve time	8649 ns
transactional read: issue time	8565serve time	8649 ns
critical read: issue time	8299serve time	8657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8299serve time	8657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8299serve time	8657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8299serve time	8657 ns
critical read: issue time	8563serve time	8657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8563serve time	8657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8563serve time	8657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8563serve time	8657 ns
critical read: issue time	7855serve time	8665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7855serve time	8665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7855serve time	8665 ns
transactional read: issue time	7855serve time	8665 ns
critical read: issue time	8535serve time	8665 ns
transactional read: issue time	8535serve time	8665 ns
transactional read: issue time	8535serve time	8665 ns
transactional read: issue time	8535serve time	8665 ns
critical read: issue time	8307serve time	8673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8307serve time	8673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8307serve time	8673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8307serve time	8673 ns
critical read: issue time	8560serve time	8673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8560serve time	8673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8560serve time	8673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8560serve time	8673 ns
critical read: issue time	8311serve time	8681 ns
transactional read: issue time	8311serve time	8681 ns
transactional read: issue time	8311serve time	8681 ns
transactional read: issue time	8311serve time	8681 ns
critical read: issue time	8581serve time	8681 ns
transactional read: issue time	8581serve time	8681 ns
transactional read: issue time	8581serve time	8681 ns
transactional read: issue time	8581serve time	8681 ns
critical read: issue time	7895serve time	8689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7895serve time	8689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7895serve time	8689 ns
transactional read: issue time	7895serve time	8689 ns
critical read: issue time	8599serve time	8689 ns
transactional read: issue time	8599serve time	8689 ns
transactional read: issue time	8599serve time	8689 ns
transactional read: issue time	8599serve time	8689 ns
critical read: issue time	8323serve time	8697 ns
transactional read: issue time	8323serve time	8697 ns
transactional read: issue time	8323serve time	8697 ns
transactional read: issue time	8323serve time	8697 ns
critical read: issue time	8603serve time	8697 ns
transactional read: issue time	8603serve time	8697 ns
transactional read: issue time	8603serve time	8697 ns
transactional read: issue time	8603serve time	8697 ns
critical read: issue time	8332serve time	8705 ns
transactional read: issue time	8332serve time	8705 ns
transactional read: issue time	8332serve time	8705 ns
transactional read: issue time	8332serve time	8705 ns
critical read: issue time	8605serve time	8705 ns
transactional read: issue time	8605serve time	8705 ns
transactional read: issue time	8605serve time	8705 ns
transactional read: issue time	8605serve time	8705 ns
critical read: issue time	8339serve time	8713 ns
transactional read: issue time	8339serve time	8713 ns
transactional read: issue time	8339serve time	8713 ns
transactional read: issue time	8339serve time	8713 ns
transactional read: issue time	8625serve time	8713 ns
transactional read: issue time	8625serve time	8713 ns
transactional read: issue time	8625serve time	8713 ns
critical read: issue time	8625serve time	8713 ns
transactional read: issue time	8363serve time	8721 ns
critical read: issue time	8363serve time	8721 ns
transactional read: issue time	8363serve time	8721 ns
transactional read: issue time	8363serve time	8721 ns
critical read: issue time	8645serve time	8721 ns
transactional read: issue time	8645serve time	8721 ns
transactional read: issue time	8645serve time	8721 ns
transactional read: issue time	8645serve time	8721 ns
critical read: issue time	8359serve time	8729 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8729 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8729 ns
transactional read: issue time	8359serve time	8729 ns
critical read: issue time	8659serve time	8729 ns
transactional read: issue time	8659serve time	8729 ns
transactional read: issue time	8659serve time	8729 ns
transactional read: issue time	8659serve time	8729 ns
transactional read: issue time	8371serve time	8737 ns
transactional read: issue time	8371serve time	8737 ns
critical read: issue time	8371serve time	8737 ns
transactional read: issue time	8371serve time	8737 ns
critical read: issue time	8353serve time	8745 ns
transactional read: issue time	8353serve time	8745 ns
transactional read: issue time	8353serve time	8745 ns
transactional read: issue time	8353serve time	8745 ns
critical read: issue time	8383serve time	8753 ns
transactional read: issue time	8383serve time	8753 ns
transactional read: issue time	8383serve time	8753 ns
transactional read: issue time	8383serve time	8753 ns
transactional read: issue time	8121serve time	8753 ns
transactional read: issue time	8121serve time	8753 ns
transactional read: issue time	8121serve time	8753 ns
critical read: issue time	8121serve time	8753 ns
critical read: issue time	8391serve time	8761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8391serve time	8761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8391serve time	8761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8391serve time	8761 ns
critical read: issue time	8141serve time	8761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8141serve time	8761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8141serve time	8761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8141serve time	8761 ns
transactional read: issue time	7977serve time	8769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7977serve time	8769 ns
transactional read: issue time	7977serve time	8769 ns
critical read: issue time	7977serve time	8769 ns
critical read: issue time	8685serve time	8769 ns
transactional read: issue time	8685serve time	8769 ns
transactional read: issue time	8685serve time	8769 ns
transactional read: issue time	8685serve time	8769 ns
critical read: issue time	8403serve time	8777 ns
transactional read: issue time	8403serve time	8777 ns
transactional read: issue time	8403serve time	8777 ns
transactional read: issue time	8403serve time	8777 ns
critical read: issue time	8679serve time	8777 ns
transactional read: issue time	8679serve time	8777 ns
transactional read: issue time	8679serve time	8777 ns
transactional read: issue time	8679serve time	8777 ns
critical read: issue time	8401serve time	8785 ns
transactional read: issue time	8401serve time	8785 ns
transactional read: issue time	8401serve time	8785 ns
transactional read: issue time	8401serve time	8785 ns
critical read: issue time	8687serve time	8785 ns
transactional read: issue time	8687serve time	8785 ns
transactional read: issue time	8687serve time	8785 ns
transactional read: issue time	8687serve time	8785 ns
transactional read: issue time	8411serve time	8793 ns
transactional read: issue time	8411serve time	8793 ns
critical read: issue time	8411serve time	8793 ns
transactional read: issue time	8411serve time	8793 ns
critical read: issue time	8161serve time	8793 ns
transactional read: issue time	8161serve time	8793 ns
transactional read: issue time	8161serve time	8793 ns
transactional read: issue time	8161serve time	8793 ns
critical read: issue time	8017serve time	8801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8017serve time	8801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8017serve time	8801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8017serve time	8801 ns
critical read: issue time	8712serve time	8801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8712serve time	8801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8712serve time	8801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8712serve time	8801 ns
critical read: issue time	8421serve time	8809 ns
transactional read: issue time	8421serve time	8809 ns
transactional read: issue time	8421serve time	8809 ns
transactional read: issue time	8421serve time	8809 ns
critical read: issue time	8727serve time	8809 ns
transactional read: issue time	8727serve time	8809 ns
transactional read: issue time	8727serve time	8809 ns
transactional read: issue time	8727serve time	8809 ns
transactional read: issue time	8423serve time	8817 ns
critical read: issue time	8423serve time	8817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8423serve time	8817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8423serve time	8817 ns
critical read: issue time	8724serve time	8817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8724serve time	8817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8724serve time	8817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8724serve time	8817 ns
critical read: issue time	8436serve time	8825 ns
transactional read: issue time	8436serve time	8825 ns
transactional read: issue time	8436serve time	8825 ns
transactional read: issue time	8436serve time	8825 ns
critical read: issue time	8747serve time	8825 ns
transactional read: issue time	8747serve time	8825 ns
transactional read: issue time	8747serve time	8825 ns
transactional read: issue time	8747serve time	8825 ns
transactional read: issue time	8441serve time	8833 ns
transactional read: issue time	8441serve time	8833 ns
critical read: issue time	8441serve time	8833 ns
transactional read: issue time	8441serve time	8833 ns
critical read: issue time	8733serve time	8833 ns
transactional read: issue time	8733serve time	8833 ns
transactional read: issue time	8733serve time	8833 ns
transactional read: issue time	8733serve time	8833 ns
critical read: issue time	8440serve time	8841 ns
transactional read: issue time	8440serve time	8841 ns
transactional read: issue time	8440serve time	8841 ns
transactional read: issue time	8440serve time	8841 ns
critical read: issue time	8203serve time	8841 ns
transactional read: issue time	8203serve time	8841 ns
transactional read: issue time	8203serve time	8841 ns
transactional read: issue time	8203serve time	8841 ns
critical read: issue time	8039serve time	8849 ns
transactional read: issue time	8039serve time	8849 ns
transactional read: issue time	8039serve time	8849 ns
transactional read: issue time	8039serve time	8849 ns
critical read: issue time	8770serve time	8849 ns
transactional read: issue time	8770serve time	8849 ns
transactional read: issue time	8770serve time	8849 ns
transactional read: issue time	8770serve time	8849 ns
transactional read: issue time	8457serve time	8857 ns
critical read: issue time	8457serve time	8857 ns
transactional read: issue time	8457serve time	8857 ns
transactional read: issue time	8457serve time	8857 ns
transactional read: issue time	8465serve time	8865 ns
transactional read: issue time	8465serve time	8865 ns
critical read: issue time	8465serve time	8865 ns
transactional read: issue time	8465serve time	8865 ns
critical read: issue time	8787serve time	8865 ns
transactional read: issue time	8787serve time	8865 ns
transactional read: issue time	8787serve time	8865 ns
transactional read: issue time	8787serve time	8865 ns
transactional read: issue time	8463serve time	8873 ns
transactional read: issue time	8463serve time	8873 ns
critical read: issue time	8463serve time	8873 ns
transactional read: issue time	8463serve time	8873 ns
critical read: issue time	8499serve time	8881 ns
transactional read: issue time	8499serve time	8881 ns
transactional read: issue time	8499serve time	8881 ns
transactional read: issue time	8499serve time	8881 ns
transactional read: issue time	8519serve time	8889 ns
critical read: issue time	8519serve time	8889 ns
transactional read: issue time	8519serve time	8889 ns
transactional read: issue time	8519serve time	8889 ns
transactional read: issue time	8805serve time	8889 ns
transactional read: issue time	8805serve time	8889 ns
critical read: issue time	8805serve time	8889 ns
transactional read: issue time	8805serve time	8889 ns
critical read: issue time	8459serve time	8897 ns
transactional read: issue time	8459serve time	8897 ns
transactional read: issue time	8459serve time	8897 ns
transactional read: issue time	8459serve time	8897 ns
critical read: issue time	8285serve time	8897 ns
transactional read: issue time	8285serve time	8897 ns
transactional read: issue time	8285serve time	8897 ns
transactional read: issue time	8285serve time	8897 ns
critical read: issue time	8545serve time	8905 ns
transactional read: issue time	8545serve time	8905 ns
transactional read: issue time	8545serve time	8905 ns
transactional read: issue time	8545serve time	8905 ns
critical read: issue time	8543serve time	8913 ns
transactional read: issue time	8543serve time	8913 ns
transactional read: issue time	8543serve time	8913 ns
transactional read: issue time	8543serve time	8913 ns
critical read: issue time	8825serve time	8913 ns
transactional read: issue time	8825serve time	8913 ns
transactional read: issue time	8825serve time	8913 ns
transactional read: issue time	8825serve time	8913 ns
transactional read: issue time	8559serve time	8921 ns
transactional read: issue time	8559serve time	8921 ns
transactional read: issue time	8559serve time	8921 ns
critical read: issue time	8559serve time	8921 ns
critical read: issue time	8484serve time	8929 ns
transactional read: issue time	8484serve time	8929 ns
transactional read: issue time	8484serve time	8929 ns
transactional read: issue time	8484serve time	8929 ns
critical read: issue time	8505serve time	8937 ns
transactional read: issue time	8505serve time	8937 ns
transactional read: issue time	8505serve time	8937 ns
transactional read: issue time	8505serve time	8937 ns
critical read: issue time	8579serve time	8945 ns
transactional read: issue time	8579serve time	8945 ns
transactional read: issue time	8579serve time	8945 ns
transactional read: issue time	8579serve time	8945 ns
critical read: issue time	8585serve time	8953 ns
transactional read: issue time	8585serve time	8953 ns
transactional read: issue time	8585serve time	8953 ns
transactional read: issue time	8585serve time	8953 ns
critical read: issue time	8583serve time	8961 ns
transactional read: issue time	8583serve time	8961 ns
transactional read: issue time	8583serve time	8961 ns
transactional read: issue time	8583serve time	8961 ns
critical read: issue time	8059serve time	8969 ns
transactional read: issue time	8059serve time	8969 ns
transactional read: issue time	8059serve time	8969 ns
transactional read: issue time	8059serve time	8969 ns
critical read: issue time	8079serve time	8977 ns
transactional read: issue time	8079serve time	8977 ns
transactional read: issue time	8079serve time	8977 ns
transactional read: issue time	8079serve time	8977 ns
critical read: issue time	8611serve time	8985 ns
transactional read: issue time	8611serve time	8985 ns
transactional read: issue time	8611serve time	8985 ns
transactional read: issue time	8611serve time	8985 ns
critical read: issue time	8099serve time	8993 ns
transactional read: issue time	8099serve time	8993 ns
transactional read: issue time	8099serve time	8993 ns
transactional read: issue time	8099serve time	8993 ns
transactional read: issue time	8619serve time	9001 ns
transactional read: issue time	8619serve time	9001 ns
transactional read: issue time	8619serve time	9001 ns
critical read: issue time	8619serve time	9001 ns
critical read: issue time	8623serve time	9009 ns
transactional read: issue time	8623serve time	9009 ns
transactional read: issue time	8623serve time	9009 ns
transactional read: issue time	8623serve time	9009 ns
transactional read: issue time	8645serve time	9017 ns
transactional read: issue time	8645serve time	9017 ns
transactional read: issue time	8645serve time	9017 ns
critical read: issue time	8645serve time	9017 ns
critical read: issue time	8639serve time	9025 ns
transactional read: issue time	8639serve time	9025 ns
transactional read: issue time	8639serve time	9025 ns
transactional read: issue time	8639serve time	9025 ns
critical read: issue time	8636serve time	9033 ns
transactional read: issue time	8636serve time	9033 ns
transactional read: issue time	8636serve time	9033 ns
transactional read: issue time	8636serve time	9033 ns
critical read: issue time	8657serve time	9041 ns
transactional read: issue time	8657serve time	9041 ns
transactional read: issue time	8657serve time	9041 ns
transactional read: issue time	8657serve time	9041 ns
critical read: issue time	8665serve time	9049 ns
transactional read: issue time	8665serve time	9049 ns
transactional read: issue time	8665serve time	9049 ns
transactional read: issue time	8665serve time	9049 ns
critical read: issue time	8665serve time	9057 ns
transactional read: issue time	8665serve time	9057 ns
transactional read: issue time	8665serve time	9057 ns
transactional read: issue time	8665serve time	9057 ns
critical read: issue time	8687serve time	9065 ns
transactional read: issue time	8687serve time	9065 ns
transactional read: issue time	8687serve time	9065 ns
transactional read: issue time	8687serve time	9065 ns
critical read: issue time	8699serve time	9073 ns
transactional read: issue time	8699serve time	9073 ns
transactional read: issue time	8699serve time	9073 ns
transactional read: issue time	8699serve time	9073 ns
critical read: issue time	8705serve time	9081 ns
transactional read: issue time	8705serve time	9081 ns
transactional read: issue time	8705serve time	9081 ns
transactional read: issue time	8705serve time	9081 ns
transactional read: issue time	8707serve time	9089 ns
transactional read: issue time	8707serve time	9089 ns
transactional read: issue time	8707serve time	9089 ns
critical read: issue time	8707serve time	9089 ns
transactional read: issue time	8725serve time	9097 ns
critical read: issue time	8725serve time	9097 ns
transactional read: issue time	8725serve time	9097 ns
transactional read: issue time	8725serve time	9097 ns
critical read: issue time	8745serve time	9105 ns
transactional read: issue time	8745serve time	9105 ns
transactional read: issue time	8745serve time	9105 ns
transactional read: issue time	8745serve time	9105 ns
critical read: issue time	8745serve time	9113 ns
transactional read: issue time	8745serve time	9113 ns
transactional read: issue time	8745serve time	9113 ns
transactional read: issue time	8745serve time	9113 ns
transactional read: issue time	8181serve time	9121 ns
transactional read: issue time	8181serve time	9121 ns
transactional read: issue time	8181serve time	9121 ns
critical read: issue time	8181serve time	9121 ns
critical read: issue time	8763serve time	9129 ns
transactional read: issue time	8763serve time	9129 ns
transactional read: issue time	8763serve time	9129 ns
transactional read: issue time	8763serve time	9129 ns
critical read: issue time	8765serve time	9137 ns
transactional read: issue time	8765serve time	9137 ns
transactional read: issue time	8765serve time	9137 ns
transactional read: issue time	8765serve time	9137 ns
critical read: issue time	8767serve time	9145 ns
transactional read: issue time	8767serve time	9145 ns
transactional read: issue time	8767serve time	9145 ns
transactional read: issue time	8767serve time	9145 ns
transactional read: issue time	8223serve time	9153 ns
transactional read: issue time	8223serve time	9153 ns
critical read: issue time	8223serve time	9153 ns
transactional read: issue time	8223serve time	9153 ns
critical read: issue time	8785serve time	9161 ns
transactional read: issue time	8785serve time	9161 ns
transactional read: issue time	8785serve time	9161 ns
transactional read: issue time	8785serve time	9161 ns
critical read: issue time	8791serve time	9169 ns
transactional read: issue time	8791serve time	9169 ns
transactional read: issue time	8791serve time	9169 ns
transactional read: issue time	8791serve time	9169 ns
critical read: issue time	8788serve time	9177 ns
transactional read: issue time	8788serve time	9177 ns
transactional read: issue time	8788serve time	9177 ns
transactional read: issue time	8788serve time	9177 ns
critical read: issue time	8243serve time	9185 ns
transactional read: issue time	8243serve time	9185 ns
transactional read: issue time	8243serve time	9185 ns
transactional read: issue time	8243serve time	9185 ns
transactional read: issue time	8265serve time	9193 ns
transactional read: issue time	8265serve time	9193 ns
transactional read: issue time	8265serve time	9193 ns
critical read: issue time	8265serve time	9193 ns
critical read: issue time	8811serve time	9201 ns
transactional read: issue time	8811serve time	9201 ns
transactional read: issue time	8811serve time	9201 ns
transactional read: issue time	8811serve time	9201 ns
critical read: issue time	8812serve time	9209 ns
transactional read: issue time	8812serve time	9209 ns
transactional read: issue time	8812serve time	9209 ns
transactional read: issue time	8812serve time	9209 ns
critical read: issue time	8809serve time	9217 ns
transactional read: issue time	8809serve time	9217 ns
transactional read: issue time	8809serve time	9217 ns
transactional read: issue time	8809serve time	9217 ns
toll write: issue time	1010serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	1010serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	1010serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	1010serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	2152serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	2152serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	2152serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	2152serve time	10333 ns
toll write: issue time	2715serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	2715serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	2715serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	2715serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	4036serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	4036serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	4036serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	4036serve time	10341 ns
toll write: issue time	3499serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	3499serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	3499serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	3499serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	4216serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	4216serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	4216serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	4216serve time	10349 ns
toll write: issue time	3832serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	3832serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	3832serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	3832serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	4961serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	4961serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	4961serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	4961serve time	10357 ns
toll write: issue time	3831serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	3831serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	3831serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	3831serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10365 ns
toll write: issue time	4148serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	4148serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	4148serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	4148serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	5614serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	5614serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	5614serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	5614serve time	10373 ns
toll write: issue time	4498serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	4498serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	4498serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	4498serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	5986serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	5986serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	5986serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	5986serve time	10381 ns
toll write: issue time	4776serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	4776serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	4776serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	4776serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	6223serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	6223serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	6223serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	6223serve time	10389 ns
toll write: issue time	4884serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	4884serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	4884serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	4884serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	6370serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	6370serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	6370serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	6370serve time	10397 ns
toll write: issue time	4930serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	4930serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	4930serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	4930serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	6850serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	6850serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	6850serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	6850serve time	10405 ns
toll write: issue time	4999serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	4999serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	4999serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	4999serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	7286serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	7286serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	7286serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	7286serve time	10413 ns
toll write: issue time	4839serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	4839serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	4839serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	4839serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	7900serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	7900serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	7900serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	7900serve time	10421 ns
toll write: issue time	5133serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	5133serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	5133serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	5133serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	8086serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	8086serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	8086serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	8086serve time	10429 ns
toll write: issue time	5214serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	5214serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	5214serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	5214serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	8053serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	8053serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	8053serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	8053serve time	10437 ns
toll write: issue time	5272serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	5272serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	5272serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	5272serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	8224serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	8224serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	8224serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	8224serve time	10445 ns
toll write: issue time	5366serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	5366serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	5366serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	5366serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	8236serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	8236serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	8236serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	8236serve time	10453 ns
toll write: issue time	5577serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	5577serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	5577serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	5577serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	8246serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	8246serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	8246serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	8246serve time	10461 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	5354serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	8303serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	8303serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	8303serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	8303serve time	10469 ns
toll write: issue time	6166serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	6166serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	6166serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	6166serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	8383serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	8383serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	8383serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	8383serve time	10477 ns
toll write: issue time	6418serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	6418serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	6418serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	6418serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	8466serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	8466serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	8466serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	8466serve time	10485 ns
toll write: issue time	6545serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	6545serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	6545serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	6545serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	8485serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	8485serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	8485serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	8485serve time	10493 ns
toll write: issue time	6600serve time	10501 ns
toll write: issue time	6600serve time	10501 ns
toll write: issue time	6600serve time	10501 ns
toll write: issue time	6600serve time	10501 ns
toll write: issue time	8524serve time	10501 ns
toll write: issue time	8524serve time	10501 ns
toll write: issue time	8524serve time	10501 ns
toll write: issue time	8524serve time	10501 ns
critical read: issue time	8831serve time	10509 ns
transactional read: issue time	8831serve time	10509 ns
transactional read: issue time	8831serve time	10509 ns
transactional read: issue time	8831serve time	10509 ns
critical read: issue time	8833serve time	10509 ns
transactional read: issue time	8833serve time	10509 ns
transactional read: issue time	8833serve time	10509 ns
transactional read: issue time	8833serve time	10509 ns
critical read: issue time	8871serve time	10517 ns
transactional read: issue time	8871serve time	10517 ns
transactional read: issue time	8871serve time	10517 ns
transactional read: issue time	8871serve time	10517 ns
critical read: issue time	8845serve time	10517 ns
transactional read: issue time	8845serve time	10517 ns
transactional read: issue time	8845serve time	10517 ns
transactional read: issue time	8845serve time	10517 ns
critical read: issue time	8873serve time	10525 ns
transactional read: issue time	8873serve time	10525 ns
transactional read: issue time	8873serve time	10525 ns
transactional read: issue time	8873serve time	10525 ns
critical read: issue time	8851serve time	10525 ns
transactional read: issue time	8851serve time	10525 ns
transactional read: issue time	8851serve time	10525 ns
transactional read: issue time	8851serve time	10525 ns
toll write: issue time	6572serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	6572serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	6572serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	6572serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	8545serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	8545serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	8545serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	8545serve time	10533 ns
toll write: issue time	6732serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	6732serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	6732serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	6732serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	8584serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	8584serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	8584serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	8584serve time	10541 ns
toll write: issue time	6837serve time	10549 ns
toll write: issue time	6837serve time	10549 ns
toll write: issue time	6837serve time	10549 ns
toll write: issue time	6837serve time	10549 ns
toll write: issue time	8625serve time	10549 ns
toll write: issue time	8625serve time	10549 ns
toll write: issue time	8625serve time	10549 ns
toll write: issue time	8625serve time	10549 ns
transactional read: issue time	8829serve time	10557 ns
critical read: issue time	8829serve time	10557 ns
transactional read: issue time	8829serve time	10557 ns
transactional read: issue time	8829serve time	10557 ns
critical read: issue time	8853serve time	10557 ns
transactional read: issue time	8853serve time	10557 ns
transactional read: issue time	8853serve time	10557 ns
transactional read: issue time	8853serve time	10557 ns
critical read: issue time	8911serve time	10565 ns
transactional read: issue time	8911serve time	10565 ns
transactional read: issue time	8911serve time	10565 ns
transactional read: issue time	8911serve time	10565 ns
transactional read: issue time	8865serve time	10565 ns
critical read: issue time	8865serve time	10565 ns
transactional read: issue time	8865serve time	10565 ns
transactional read: issue time	8865serve time	10565 ns
critical read: issue time	8945serve time	10573 ns
transactional read: issue time	8945serve time	10573 ns
transactional read: issue time	8945serve time	10573 ns
transactional read: issue time	8945serve time	10573 ns
critical read: issue time	8885serve time	10573 ns
transactional read: issue time	8885serve time	10573 ns
transactional read: issue time	8885serve time	10573 ns
transactional read: issue time	8885serve time	10573 ns
toll write: issue time	6896serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	6896serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	6896serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	6896serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	8724serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	8724serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	8724serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	8724serve time	10581 ns
toll write: issue time	6918serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	6918serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	6918serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	6918serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	8745serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	8745serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	8745serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	8745serve time	10589 ns
toll write: issue time	7034serve time	10597 ns
toll write: issue time	7034serve time	10597 ns
toll write: issue time	7034serve time	10597 ns
toll write: issue time	7034serve time	10597 ns
toll write: issue time	8770serve time	10597 ns
toll write: issue time	8770serve time	10597 ns
toll write: issue time	8770serve time	10597 ns
toll write: issue time	8770serve time	10597 ns
transactional read: issue time	8965serve time	10605 ns
transactional read: issue time	8965serve time	10605 ns
transactional read: issue time	8965serve time	10605 ns
critical read: issue time	8965serve time	10605 ns
transactional read: issue time	8891serve time	10605 ns
transactional read: issue time	8891serve time	10605 ns
transactional read: issue time	8891serve time	10605 ns
critical read: issue time	8891serve time	10605 ns
critical read: issue time	8985serve time	10613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8985serve time	10613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8985serve time	10613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8985serve time	10613 ns
critical read: issue time	8898serve time	10613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8898serve time	10613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8898serve time	10613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8898serve time	10613 ns
critical read: issue time	9009serve time	10621 ns
transactional read: issue time	9009serve time	10621 ns
transactional read: issue time	9009serve time	10621 ns
transactional read: issue time	9009serve time	10621 ns
critical read: issue time	8905serve time	10621 ns
transactional read: issue time	8905serve time	10621 ns
transactional read: issue time	8905serve time	10621 ns
transactional read: issue time	8905serve time	10621 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	10629 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	10629 ns
critical read: issue time	9111serve time	10629 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	10629 ns
critical read: issue time	8925serve time	10629 ns
transactional read: issue time	8925serve time	10629 ns
transactional read: issue time	8925serve time	10629 ns
transactional read: issue time	8925serve time	10629 ns
critical read: issue time	9131serve time	10637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9131serve time	10637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9131serve time	10637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9131serve time	10637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9029serve time	10637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9029serve time	10637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9029serve time	10637 ns
critical read: issue time	9029serve time	10637 ns
critical read: issue time	9153serve time	10645 ns
transactional read: issue time	9153serve time	10645 ns
transactional read: issue time	9153serve time	10645 ns
transactional read: issue time	9153serve time	10645 ns
critical read: issue time	9051serve time	10645 ns
transactional read: issue time	9051serve time	10645 ns
transactional read: issue time	9051serve time	10645 ns
transactional read: issue time	9051serve time	10645 ns
toll write: issue time	7361serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	7361serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	7361serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	7361serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	8850serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	8850serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	8850serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	8850serve time	10653 ns
toll write: issue time	7690serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	7690serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	7690serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	7690serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	8924serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	8924serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	8924serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	8924serve time	10661 ns
toll write: issue time	7798serve time	10669 ns
toll write: issue time	7798serve time	10669 ns
toll write: issue time	7798serve time	10669 ns
toll write: issue time	7798serve time	10669 ns
toll write: issue time	9243serve time	10669 ns
toll write: issue time	9243serve time	10669 ns
toll write: issue time	9243serve time	10669 ns
toll write: issue time	9243serve time	10669 ns
transactional read: issue time	9173serve time	10677 ns
critical read: issue time	9173serve time	10677 ns
transactional read: issue time	9173serve time	10677 ns
transactional read: issue time	9173serve time	10677 ns
transactional read: issue time	9071serve time	10677 ns
transactional read: issue time	9071serve time	10677 ns
transactional read: issue time	9071serve time	10677 ns
critical read: issue time	9071serve time	10677 ns
critical read: issue time	9195serve time	10685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9195serve time	10685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9195serve time	10685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9195serve time	10685 ns
critical read: issue time	9091serve time	10685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	10685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	10685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	10685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9215serve time	10693 ns
transactional read: issue time	9215serve time	10693 ns
critical read: issue time	9215serve time	10693 ns
transactional read: issue time	9215serve time	10693 ns
critical read: issue time	9238serve time	10693 ns
transactional read: issue time	9238serve time	10693 ns
transactional read: issue time	9238serve time	10693 ns
transactional read: issue time	9238serve time	10693 ns
transactional read: issue time	9321serve time	10701 ns
transactional read: issue time	9321serve time	10701 ns
transactional read: issue time	9321serve time	10701 ns
critical read: issue time	9321serve time	10701 ns
critical read: issue time	9259serve time	10701 ns
transactional read: issue time	9259serve time	10701 ns
transactional read: issue time	9259serve time	10701 ns
transactional read: issue time	9259serve time	10701 ns
critical read: issue time	9361serve time	10709 ns
transactional read: issue time	9361serve time	10709 ns
transactional read: issue time	9361serve time	10709 ns
transactional read: issue time	9361serve time	10709 ns
critical read: issue time	9279serve time	10709 ns
transactional read: issue time	9279serve time	10709 ns
transactional read: issue time	9279serve time	10709 ns
transactional read: issue time	9279serve time	10709 ns
critical read: issue time	9401serve time	10717 ns
transactional read: issue time	9401serve time	10717 ns
transactional read: issue time	9401serve time	10717 ns
transactional read: issue time	9401serve time	10717 ns
critical read: issue time	9301serve time	10717 ns
transactional read: issue time	9301serve time	10717 ns
transactional read: issue time	9301serve time	10717 ns
transactional read: issue time	9301serve time	10717 ns
critical read: issue time	9421serve time	10725 ns
transactional read: issue time	9421serve time	10725 ns
transactional read: issue time	9421serve time	10725 ns
transactional read: issue time	9421serve time	10725 ns
critical read: issue time	9341serve time	10725 ns
transactional read: issue time	9341serve time	10725 ns
transactional read: issue time	9341serve time	10725 ns
transactional read: issue time	9341serve time	10725 ns
critical read: issue time	9471serve time	10733 ns
transactional read: issue time	9471serve time	10733 ns
transactional read: issue time	9471serve time	10733 ns
transactional read: issue time	9471serve time	10733 ns
transactional read: issue time	9381serve time	10733 ns
transactional read: issue time	9381serve time	10733 ns
transactional read: issue time	9381serve time	10733 ns
critical read: issue time	9381serve time	10733 ns
transactional read: issue time	9511serve time	10741 ns
critical read: issue time	9511serve time	10741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9511serve time	10741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9511serve time	10741 ns
critical read: issue time	9451serve time	10741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9451serve time	10741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9451serve time	10741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9451serve time	10741 ns
critical read: issue time	9531serve time	10749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9531serve time	10749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9531serve time	10749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9531serve time	10749 ns
critical read: issue time	9491serve time	10749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9491serve time	10749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9491serve time	10749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9491serve time	10749 ns
critical read: issue time	9553serve time	10757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9553serve time	10757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9553serve time	10757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9553serve time	10757 ns
critical read: issue time	9613serve time	10757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9613serve time	10757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9613serve time	10757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9613serve time	10757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9573serve time	10765 ns
transactional read: issue time	9573serve time	10765 ns
transactional read: issue time	9573serve time	10765 ns
critical read: issue time	9573serve time	10765 ns
critical read: issue time	9653serve time	10765 ns
transactional read: issue time	9653serve time	10765 ns
transactional read: issue time	9653serve time	10765 ns
transactional read: issue time	9653serve time	10765 ns
critical read: issue time	9593serve time	10773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9593serve time	10773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9593serve time	10773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9593serve time	10773 ns
critical read: issue time	9695serve time	10773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9695serve time	10773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9695serve time	10773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9695serve time	10773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9633serve time	10781 ns
transactional read: issue time	9633serve time	10781 ns
transactional read: issue time	9633serve time	10781 ns
critical read: issue time	9633serve time	10781 ns
transactional read: issue time	9715serve time	10781 ns
transactional read: issue time	9715serve time	10781 ns
critical read: issue time	9715serve time	10781 ns
transactional read: issue time	9715serve time	10781 ns
transactional read: issue time	9673serve time	10789 ns
transactional read: issue time	9673serve time	10789 ns
transactional read: issue time	9673serve time	10789 ns
critical read: issue time	9673serve time	10789 ns
transactional read: issue time	9735serve time	10789 ns
critical read: issue time	9735serve time	10789 ns
transactional read: issue time	9735serve time	10789 ns
transactional read: issue time	9735serve time	10789 ns
critical read: issue time	9755serve time	10797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9755serve time	10797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9755serve time	10797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9755serve time	10797 ns
critical read: issue time	9775serve time	10797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9775serve time	10797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9775serve time	10797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9775serve time	10797 ns
critical read: issue time	9795serve time	10805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9795serve time	10805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9795serve time	10805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9795serve time	10805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9815serve time	10805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9815serve time	10805 ns
critical read: issue time	9815serve time	10805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9815serve time	10805 ns
critical read: issue time	9835serve time	10813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9835serve time	10813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9835serve time	10813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9835serve time	10813 ns
critical read: issue time	9855serve time	10813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9855serve time	10813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9855serve time	10813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9855serve time	10813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9875serve time	10821 ns
critical read: issue time	9875serve time	10821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9875serve time	10821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9875serve time	10821 ns
critical read: issue time	9895serve time	10821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9895serve time	10821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9895serve time	10821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9895serve time	10821 ns
critical read: issue time	9915serve time	10829 ns
transactional read: issue time	9915serve time	10829 ns
transactional read: issue time	9915serve time	10829 ns
transactional read: issue time	9915serve time	10829 ns
critical read: issue time	10015serve time	10829 ns
transactional read: issue time	10015serve time	10829 ns
transactional read: issue time	10015serve time	10829 ns
transactional read: issue time	10015serve time	10829 ns
critical read: issue time	9935serve time	10837 ns
transactional read: issue time	9935serve time	10837 ns
transactional read: issue time	9935serve time	10837 ns
transactional read: issue time	9935serve time	10837 ns
critical read: issue time	10055serve time	10837 ns
transactional read: issue time	10055serve time	10837 ns
transactional read: issue time	10055serve time	10837 ns
transactional read: issue time	10055serve time	10837 ns
critical read: issue time	9955serve time	10845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9955serve time	10845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9955serve time	10845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9955serve time	10845 ns
critical read: issue time	10099serve time	10845 ns
transactional read: issue time	10099serve time	10845 ns
transactional read: issue time	10099serve time	10845 ns
transactional read: issue time	10099serve time	10845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9975serve time	10853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9975serve time	10853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9975serve time	10853 ns
critical read: issue time	9975serve time	10853 ns
critical read: issue time	10139serve time	10853 ns
transactional read: issue time	10139serve time	10853 ns
transactional read: issue time	10139serve time	10853 ns
transactional read: issue time	10139serve time	10853 ns
critical read: issue time	9995serve time	10861 ns
transactional read: issue time	9995serve time	10861 ns
transactional read: issue time	9995serve time	10861 ns
transactional read: issue time	9995serve time	10861 ns
transactional read: issue time	10181serve time	10861 ns
critical read: issue time	10181serve time	10861 ns
transactional read: issue time	10181serve time	10861 ns
transactional read: issue time	10181serve time	10861 ns
transactional read: issue time	10035serve time	10869 ns
transactional read: issue time	10035serve time	10869 ns
transactional read: issue time	10035serve time	10869 ns
critical read: issue time	10035serve time	10869 ns
transactional read: issue time	10221serve time	10869 ns
transactional read: issue time	10221serve time	10869 ns
critical read: issue time	10221serve time	10869 ns
transactional read: issue time	10221serve time	10869 ns
transactional read: issue time	10077serve time	10877 ns
transactional read: issue time	10077serve time	10877 ns
transactional read: issue time	10077serve time	10877 ns
critical read: issue time	10077serve time	10877 ns
critical read: issue time	10267serve time	10877 ns
transactional read: issue time	10267serve time	10877 ns
transactional read: issue time	10267serve time	10877 ns
transactional read: issue time	10267serve time	10877 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	9340serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	9340serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	9340serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	9340serve time	10885 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	8152serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	9361serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	9361serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	9361serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	9361serve time	10893 ns
toll write: issue time	8339serve time	10901 ns
toll write: issue time	8339serve time	10901 ns
toll write: issue time	8339serve time	10901 ns
toll write: issue time	8339serve time	10901 ns
toll write: issue time	9755serve time	10901 ns
toll write: issue time	9755serve time	10901 ns
toll write: issue time	9755serve time	10901 ns
toll write: issue time	9755serve time	10901 ns
transactional read: issue time	10119serve time	10909 ns
transactional read: issue time	10119serve time	10909 ns
critical read: issue time	10119serve time	10909 ns
transactional read: issue time	10119serve time	10909 ns
critical read: issue time	10307serve time	10909 ns
transactional read: issue time	10307serve time	10909 ns
transactional read: issue time	10307serve time	10909 ns
transactional read: issue time	10307serve time	10909 ns
critical read: issue time	10159serve time	10917 ns
transactional read: issue time	10159serve time	10917 ns
transactional read: issue time	10159serve time	10917 ns
transactional read: issue time	10159serve time	10917 ns
critical read: issue time	10350serve time	10917 ns
transactional read: issue time	10350serve time	10917 ns
transactional read: issue time	10350serve time	10917 ns
transactional read: issue time	10350serve time	10917 ns
critical read: issue time	10201serve time	10925 ns
transactional read: issue time	10201serve time	10925 ns
transactional read: issue time	10201serve time	10925 ns
transactional read: issue time	10201serve time	10925 ns
critical read: issue time	10417serve time	10925 ns
transactional read: issue time	10417serve time	10925 ns
transactional read: issue time	10417serve time	10925 ns
transactional read: issue time	10417serve time	10925 ns
critical read: issue time	10246serve time	10933 ns
transactional read: issue time	10246serve time	10933 ns
transactional read: issue time	10246serve time	10933 ns
transactional read: issue time	10246serve time	10933 ns
critical read: issue time	10467serve time	10933 ns
transactional read: issue time	10467serve time	10933 ns
transactional read: issue time	10467serve time	10933 ns
transactional read: issue time	10467serve time	10933 ns
critical read: issue time	10287serve time	10941 ns
transactional read: issue time	10287serve time	10941 ns
transactional read: issue time	10287serve time	10941 ns
transactional read: issue time	10287serve time	10941 ns
critical read: issue time	10492serve time	10941 ns
transactional read: issue time	10492serve time	10941 ns
transactional read: issue time	10492serve time	10941 ns
transactional read: issue time	10492serve time	10941 ns
critical read: issue time	10327serve time	10949 ns
transactional read: issue time	10327serve time	10949 ns
transactional read: issue time	10327serve time	10949 ns
transactional read: issue time	10327serve time	10949 ns
critical read: issue time	10540serve time	10949 ns
transactional read: issue time	10540serve time	10949 ns
transactional read: issue time	10540serve time	10949 ns
transactional read: issue time	10540serve time	10949 ns
critical read: issue time	10371serve time	10957 ns
transactional read: issue time	10371serve time	10957 ns
transactional read: issue time	10371serve time	10957 ns
transactional read: issue time	10371serve time	10957 ns
critical read: issue time	8951serve time	10957 ns
transactional read: issue time	8951serve time	10957 ns
transactional read: issue time	8951serve time	10957 ns
transactional read: issue time	8951serve time	10957 ns
critical read: issue time	10396serve time	10965 ns
transactional read: issue time	10396serve time	10965 ns
transactional read: issue time	10396serve time	10965 ns
transactional read: issue time	10396serve time	10965 ns
critical read: issue time	8971serve time	10965 ns
transactional read: issue time	8971serve time	10965 ns
transactional read: issue time	8971serve time	10965 ns
transactional read: issue time	8971serve time	10965 ns
critical read: issue time	10446serve time	10973 ns
transactional read: issue time	10446serve time	10973 ns
transactional read: issue time	10446serve time	10973 ns
transactional read: issue time	10446serve time	10973 ns
transactional read: issue time	8991serve time	10973 ns
transactional read: issue time	8991serve time	10973 ns
transactional read: issue time	8991serve time	10973 ns
critical read: issue time	8991serve time	10973 ns
critical read: issue time	10513serve time	10981 ns
transactional read: issue time	10513serve time	10981 ns
transactional read: issue time	10513serve time	10981 ns
transactional read: issue time	10513serve time	10981 ns
critical read: issue time	10607serve time	10981 ns
transactional read: issue time	10607serve time	10981 ns
transactional read: issue time	10607serve time	10981 ns
transactional read: issue time	10607serve time	10981 ns
critical read: issue time	10561serve time	10989 ns
transactional read: issue time	10561serve time	10989 ns
transactional read: issue time	10561serve time	10989 ns
transactional read: issue time	10561serve time	10989 ns
critical read: issue time	9011serve time	10989 ns
transactional read: issue time	9011serve time	10989 ns
transactional read: issue time	9011serve time	10989 ns
transactional read: issue time	9011serve time	10989 ns
transactional read: issue time	8931serve time	10997 ns
transactional read: issue time	8931serve time	10997 ns
transactional read: issue time	8931serve time	10997 ns
critical read: issue time	8931serve time	10997 ns
transactional read: issue time	9051serve time	10997 ns
transactional read: issue time	9051serve time	10997 ns
critical read: issue time	9051serve time	10997 ns
transactional read: issue time	9051serve time	10997 ns
critical read: issue time	10586serve time	11005 ns
transactional read: issue time	10586serve time	11005 ns
transactional read: issue time	10586serve time	11005 ns
transactional read: issue time	10586serve time	11005 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	11005 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	11005 ns
critical read: issue time	9091serve time	11005 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	11005 ns
critical read: issue time	9031serve time	11013 ns
transactional read: issue time	9031serve time	11013 ns
transactional read: issue time	9031serve time	11013 ns
transactional read: issue time	9031serve time	11013 ns
critical read: issue time	9151serve time	11013 ns
transactional read: issue time	9151serve time	11013 ns
transactional read: issue time	9151serve time	11013 ns
transactional read: issue time	9151serve time	11013 ns
transactional read: issue time	9071serve time	11021 ns
critical read: issue time	9071serve time	11021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9071serve time	11021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9071serve time	11021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9231serve time	11021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9231serve time	11021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9231serve time	11021 ns
critical read: issue time	9231serve time	11021 ns
critical read: issue time	9111serve time	11029 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	11029 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	11029 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	11029 ns
critical read: issue time	10653serve time	11029 ns
transactional read: issue time	10653serve time	11029 ns
transactional read: issue time	10653serve time	11029 ns
transactional read: issue time	10653serve time	11029 ns
critical read: issue time	9131serve time	11037 ns
transactional read: issue time	9131serve time	11037 ns
transactional read: issue time	9131serve time	11037 ns
transactional read: issue time	9131serve time	11037 ns
critical read: issue time	10678serve time	11037 ns
transactional read: issue time	10678serve time	11037 ns
transactional read: issue time	10678serve time	11037 ns
transactional read: issue time	10678serve time	11037 ns
critical read: issue time	10632serve time	11045 ns
transactional read: issue time	10632serve time	11045 ns
transactional read: issue time	10632serve time	11045 ns
transactional read: issue time	10632serve time	11045 ns
transactional read: issue time	9251serve time	11045 ns
transactional read: issue time	9251serve time	11045 ns
transactional read: issue time	9251serve time	11045 ns
critical read: issue time	9251serve time	11045 ns
critical read: issue time	9171serve time	11053 ns
transactional read: issue time	9171serve time	11053 ns
transactional read: issue time	9171serve time	11053 ns
transactional read: issue time	9171serve time	11053 ns
critical read: issue time	9271serve time	11053 ns
transactional read: issue time	9271serve time	11053 ns
transactional read: issue time	9271serve time	11053 ns
transactional read: issue time	9271serve time	11053 ns
critical read: issue time	9191serve time	11061 ns
transactional read: issue time	9191serve time	11061 ns
transactional read: issue time	9191serve time	11061 ns
transactional read: issue time	9191serve time	11061 ns
critical read: issue time	9291serve time	11061 ns
transactional read: issue time	9291serve time	11061 ns
transactional read: issue time	9291serve time	11061 ns
transactional read: issue time	9291serve time	11061 ns
critical read: issue time	9211serve time	11069 ns
transactional read: issue time	9211serve time	11069 ns
transactional read: issue time	9211serve time	11069 ns
transactional read: issue time	9211serve time	11069 ns
transactional read: issue time	9311serve time	11069 ns
critical read: issue time	9311serve time	11069 ns
transactional read: issue time	9311serve time	11069 ns
transactional read: issue time	9311serve time	11069 ns
critical read: issue time	10699serve time	11077 ns
transactional read: issue time	10699serve time	11077 ns
transactional read: issue time	10699serve time	11077 ns
transactional read: issue time	10699serve time	11077 ns
transactional read: issue time	9351serve time	11077 ns
transactional read: issue time	9351serve time	11077 ns
critical read: issue time	9351serve time	11077 ns
transactional read: issue time	9351serve time	11077 ns
critical read: issue time	9331serve time	11085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9331serve time	11085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9331serve time	11085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9331serve time	11085 ns
critical read: issue time	9393serve time	11085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9393serve time	11085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9393serve time	11085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9393serve time	11085 ns
critical read: issue time	9373serve time	11093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9373serve time	11093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9373serve time	11093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9373serve time	11093 ns
critical read: issue time	10724serve time	11093 ns
transactional read: issue time	10724serve time	11093 ns
transactional read: issue time	10724serve time	11093 ns
transactional read: issue time	10724serve time	11093 ns
critical read: issue time	9413serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9413serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9413serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9413serve time	11101 ns
critical read: issue time	9519serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9519serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9519serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9519serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9541serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9541serve time	11101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9541serve time	11101 ns
critical read: issue time	9433serve time	11109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9433serve time	11109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9433serve time	11109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9433serve time	11109 ns
critical read: issue time	9541serve time	11109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9561serve time	11109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9561serve time	11109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9561serve time	11109 ns
critical read: issue time	9453serve time	11117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9453serve time	11117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9453serve time	11117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9453serve time	11117 ns
critical read: issue time	9561serve time	11117 ns
critical read: issue time	9583serve time	11117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9583serve time	11117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9583serve time	11117 ns
critical read: issue time	10745serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	10745serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	10745serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	10745serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9583serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9603serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9603serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9603serve time	11125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9473serve time	11133 ns
transactional read: issue time	9473serve time	11133 ns
critical read: issue time	9473serve time	11133 ns
transactional read: issue time	9473serve time	11133 ns
critical read: issue time	9603serve time	11133 ns
transactional read: issue time	9665serve time	11133 ns
transactional read: issue time	9665serve time	11133 ns
transactional read: issue time	9665serve time	11133 ns
toll write: issue time	8362serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	8362serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	8362serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	8362serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	11141 ns
toll write: issue time	8568serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	8568serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	8568serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	8568serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	10406serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	10406serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	10406serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	10406serve time	11149 ns
toll write: issue time	8603serve time	11157 ns
toll write: issue time	8603serve time	11157 ns
toll write: issue time	8603serve time	11157 ns
toll write: issue time	8603serve time	11157 ns
toll write: issue time	10447serve time	11157 ns
toll write: issue time	10447serve time	11157 ns
toll write: issue time	10447serve time	11157 ns
toll write: issue time	10447serve time	11157 ns
transactional read: issue time	9499serve time	11165 ns
transactional read: issue time	9499serve time	11165 ns
transactional read: issue time	9499serve time	11165 ns
critical read: issue time	9499serve time	11165 ns
critical read: issue time	9665serve time	11165 ns
transactional read: issue time	10791serve time	11165 ns
transactional read: issue time	10791serve time	11165 ns
transactional read: issue time	10791serve time	11165 ns
critical read: issue time	9623serve time	11173 ns
transactional read: issue time	9623serve time	11173 ns
transactional read: issue time	9623serve time	11173 ns
transactional read: issue time	9623serve time	11173 ns
critical read: issue time	10791serve time	11173 ns
transactional read: issue time	9747serve time	11173 ns
transactional read: issue time	9747serve time	11173 ns
transactional read: issue time	9747serve time	11173 ns
critical read: issue time	9643serve time	11181 ns
transactional read: issue time	9643serve time	11181 ns
transactional read: issue time	9643serve time	11181 ns
transactional read: issue time	9643serve time	11181 ns
critical read: issue time	9747serve time	11181 ns
transactional read: issue time	9767serve time	11181 ns
transactional read: issue time	9767serve time	11181 ns
transactional read: issue time	9767serve time	11181 ns
critical read: issue time	10770serve time	11189 ns
transactional read: issue time	10770serve time	11189 ns
transactional read: issue time	10770serve time	11189 ns
transactional read: issue time	10770serve time	11189 ns
critical read: issue time	9767serve time	11189 ns
critical read: issue time	9818serve time	11189 ns
transactional read: issue time	9818serve time	11189 ns
transactional read: issue time	9818serve time	11189 ns
critical read: issue time	9685serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9685serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9685serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9685serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9818serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9831serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9831serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9831serve time	11197 ns
transactional read: issue time	9705serve time	11205 ns
transactional read: issue time	9705serve time	11205 ns
transactional read: issue time	9705serve time	11205 ns
critical read: issue time	9705serve time	11205 ns
critical read: issue time	9831serve time	11205 ns
transactional read: issue time	9848serve time	11205 ns
transactional read: issue time	9848serve time	11205 ns
transactional read: issue time	9848serve time	11205 ns
critical read: issue time	9725serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9725serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9725serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9725serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9848serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9854serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9854serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9854serve time	11213 ns
transactional read: issue time	9789serve time	11221 ns
critical read: issue time	9789serve time	11221 ns
transactional read: issue time	9789serve time	11221 ns
transactional read: issue time	9789serve time	11221 ns
critical read: issue time	9854serve time	11221 ns
transactional read: issue time	10837serve time	11221 ns
transactional read: issue time	10837serve time	11221 ns
transactional read: issue time	10837serve time	11221 ns
critical read: issue time	10816serve time	11229 ns
transactional read: issue time	10816serve time	11229 ns
transactional read: issue time	10816serve time	11229 ns
transactional read: issue time	10816serve time	11229 ns
critical read: issue time	10837serve time	11229 ns
critical read: issue time	9917serve time	11229 ns
transactional read: issue time	9917serve time	11229 ns
transactional read: issue time	9917serve time	11229 ns
transactional read: issue time	9809serve time	11237 ns
transactional read: issue time	9809serve time	11237 ns
transactional read: issue time	9809serve time	11237 ns
critical read: issue time	9809serve time	11237 ns
transactional read: issue time	9917serve time	11237 ns
transactional read: issue time	9977serve time	11237 ns
transactional read: issue time	9977serve time	11237 ns
critical read: issue time	9977serve time	11237 ns
transactional read: issue time	9818serve time	11245 ns
transactional read: issue time	9818serve time	11245 ns
transactional read: issue time	9818serve time	11245 ns
transactional read: issue time	9818serve time	11245 ns
transactional read: issue time	9977serve time	11245 ns
transactional read: issue time	10877serve time	11245 ns
transactional read: issue time	10877serve time	11245 ns
transactional read: issue time	10877serve time	11245 ns
critical read: issue time	9848serve time	11253 ns
transactional read: issue time	9848serve time	11253 ns
transactional read: issue time	9848serve time	11253 ns
transactional read: issue time	9848serve time	11253 ns
critical read: issue time	10877serve time	11253 ns
transactional read: issue time	9997serve time	11253 ns
critical read: issue time	9997serve time	11253 ns
transactional read: issue time	9997serve time	11253 ns
critical read: issue time	9877serve time	11261 ns
transactional read: issue time	9877serve time	11261 ns
transactional read: issue time	9877serve time	11261 ns
transactional read: issue time	9877serve time	11261 ns
transactional read: issue time	9997serve time	11261 ns
transactional read: issue time	10037serve time	11261 ns
transactional read: issue time	10037serve time	11261 ns
critical read: issue time	10037serve time	11261 ns
critical read: issue time	9897serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	9897serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	9897serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	9897serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10037serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10101serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10101serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10101serve time	11269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10857serve time	11277 ns
critical read: issue time	10857serve time	11277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10857serve time	11277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10857serve time	11277 ns
critical read: issue time	10101serve time	11277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10959serve time	11277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10959serve time	11277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10959serve time	11277 ns
critical read: issue time	9937serve time	11285 ns
transactional read: issue time	9937serve time	11285 ns
transactional read: issue time	9937serve time	11285 ns
transactional read: issue time	9937serve time	11285 ns
critical read: issue time	10959serve time	11285 ns
transactional read: issue time	10121serve time	11285 ns
transactional read: issue time	10121serve time	11285 ns
transactional read: issue time	10121serve time	11285 ns
toll write: issue time	8668serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	8668serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	8668serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	8668serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	10637serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	10637serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	10637serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	10637serve time	11293 ns
toll write: issue time	8788serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	8788serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	8788serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	8788serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	9331serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	9331serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	9331serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	9331serve time	11301 ns
toll write: issue time	8830serve time	11309 ns
toll write: issue time	8830serve time	11309 ns
toll write: issue time	8830serve time	11309 ns
toll write: issue time	8830serve time	11309 ns
toll write: issue time	9583serve time	11309 ns
toll write: issue time	9583serve time	11309 ns
toll write: issue time	9583serve time	11309 ns
toll write: issue time	9583serve time	11309 ns
critical read: issue time	9957serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	9957serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	9957serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	9957serve time	11317 ns
critical read: issue time	10121serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	10161serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	10161serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	10161serve time	11317 ns
critical read: issue time	10161serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	10201serve time	11317 ns
transactional read: issue time	10201serve time	11317 ns
critical read: issue time	10899serve time	11325 ns
transactional read: issue time	10899serve time	11325 ns
transactional read: issue time	10899serve time	11325 ns
transactional read: issue time	10899serve time	11325 ns
critical read: issue time	10201serve time	11325 ns
transactional read: issue time	10201serve time	11325 ns
transactional read: issue time	11009serve time	11325 ns
transactional read: issue time	11009serve time	11325 ns
critical read: issue time	10919serve time	11333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10919serve time	11333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10919serve time	11333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10919serve time	11333 ns
critical read: issue time	11009serve time	11333 ns
transactional read: issue time	11009serve time	11333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10343serve time	11333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10343serve time	11333 ns
critical read: issue time	10017serve time	11341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10017serve time	11341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10017serve time	11341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10017serve time	11341 ns
critical read: issue time	10343serve time	11341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10343serve time	11341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10363serve time	11341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10363serve time	11341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10059serve time	11349 ns
transactional read: issue time	10059serve time	11349 ns
transactional read: issue time	10059serve time	11349 ns
critical read: issue time	10059serve time	11349 ns
critical read: issue time	10363serve time	11349 ns
transactional read: issue time	10363serve time	11349 ns
transactional read: issue time	10383serve time	11349 ns
transactional read: issue time	10383serve time	11349 ns
critical read: issue time	10939serve time	11357 ns
transactional read: issue time	10939serve time	11357 ns
transactional read: issue time	10939serve time	11357 ns
transactional read: issue time	10939serve time	11357 ns
transactional read: issue time	10383serve time	11357 ns
critical read: issue time	10383serve time	11357 ns
transactional read: issue time	10403serve time	11357 ns
transactional read: issue time	10403serve time	11357 ns
critical read: issue time	10079serve time	11365 ns
transactional read: issue time	10079serve time	11365 ns
transactional read: issue time	10079serve time	11365 ns
transactional read: issue time	10079serve time	11365 ns
critical read: issue time	10403serve time	11365 ns
transactional read: issue time	10403serve time	11365 ns
transactional read: issue time	10423serve time	11365 ns
transactional read: issue time	10423serve time	11365 ns
critical read: issue time	10141serve time	11373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10141serve time	11373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10141serve time	11373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10141serve time	11373 ns
critical read: issue time	10423serve time	11373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10423serve time	11373 ns
critical read: issue time	10443serve time	11373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10443serve time	11373 ns
critical read: issue time	10181serve time	11381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10181serve time	11381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10181serve time	11381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10181serve time	11381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10443serve time	11381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10443serve time	11381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10463serve time	11381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10463serve time	11381 ns
critical read: issue time	10221serve time	11389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10221serve time	11389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10221serve time	11389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10221serve time	11389 ns
critical read: issue time	10463serve time	11389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10463serve time	11389 ns
transactional read: issue time	11030serve time	11389 ns
transactional read: issue time	11030serve time	11389 ns
critical read: issue time	10979serve time	11397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10979serve time	11397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10979serve time	11397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10979serve time	11397 ns
critical read: issue time	11030serve time	11397 ns
transactional read: issue time	11030serve time	11397 ns
critical read: issue time	10483serve time	11397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10483serve time	11397 ns
critical read: issue time	10241serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10241serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10241serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10241serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10483serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10483serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10485serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10485serve time	11405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10261serve time	11413 ns
critical read: issue time	10261serve time	11413 ns
transactional read: issue time	10261serve time	11413 ns
transactional read: issue time	10261serve time	11413 ns
transactional read: issue time	10485serve time	11413 ns
transactional read: issue time	10485serve time	11413 ns
transactional read: issue time	11071serve time	11413 ns
transactional read: issue time	11071serve time	11413 ns
critical read: issue time	10281serve time	11421 ns
transactional read: issue time	10281serve time	11421 ns
transactional read: issue time	10281serve time	11421 ns
transactional read: issue time	10281serve time	11421 ns
critical read: issue time	11071serve time	11421 ns
transactional read: issue time	11071serve time	11421 ns
transactional read: issue time	10609serve time	11421 ns
transactional read: issue time	10609serve time	11421 ns
transactional read: issue time	10301serve time	11429 ns
transactional read: issue time	10301serve time	11429 ns
transactional read: issue time	10301serve time	11429 ns
critical read: issue time	10301serve time	11429 ns
critical read: issue time	10609serve time	11429 ns
transactional read: issue time	10609serve time	11429 ns
transactional read: issue time	10629serve time	11429 ns
transactional read: issue time	10629serve time	11429 ns
critical read: issue time	10323serve time	11437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10323serve time	11437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10323serve time	11437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10323serve time	11437 ns
critical read: issue time	10629serve time	11437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10629serve time	11437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10649serve time	11437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10649serve time	11437 ns
critical read: issue time	10485serve time	11445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10485serve time	11445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10485serve time	11445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10485serve time	11445 ns
critical read: issue time	10649serve time	11445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10649serve time	11445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10669serve time	11445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10669serve time	11445 ns
critical read: issue time	11051serve time	11453 ns
transactional read: issue time	11051serve time	11453 ns
transactional read: issue time	11051serve time	11453 ns
transactional read: issue time	11051serve time	11453 ns
critical read: issue time	10669serve time	11453 ns
transactional read: issue time	10669serve time	11453 ns
transactional read: issue time	10689serve time	11453 ns
transactional read: issue time	10689serve time	11453 ns
critical read: issue time	10505serve time	11461 ns
transactional read: issue time	10505serve time	11461 ns
transactional read: issue time	10505serve time	11461 ns
transactional read: issue time	10505serve time	11461 ns
critical read: issue time	10689serve time	11461 ns
transactional read: issue time	10689serve time	11461 ns
transactional read: issue time	10709serve time	11461 ns
transactional read: issue time	10709serve time	11461 ns
critical read: issue time	10525serve time	11469 ns
transactional read: issue time	10525serve time	11469 ns
transactional read: issue time	10525serve time	11469 ns
transactional read: issue time	10525serve time	11469 ns
transactional read: issue time	10709serve time	11469 ns
critical read: issue time	10709serve time	11469 ns
transactional read: issue time	10733serve time	11469 ns
critical read: issue time	10733serve time	11469 ns
critical read: issue time	10545serve time	11477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10545serve time	11477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10545serve time	11477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10545serve time	11477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10733serve time	11477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10733serve time	11477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10835serve time	11477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10835serve time	11477 ns
critical read: issue time	10567serve time	11485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10567serve time	11485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10567serve time	11485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10567serve time	11485 ns
critical read: issue time	10835serve time	11485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10835serve time	11485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10855serve time	11485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10855serve time	11485 ns
critical read: issue time	10587serve time	11493 ns
transactional read: issue time	10587serve time	11493 ns
transactional read: issue time	10587serve time	11493 ns
transactional read: issue time	10587serve time	11493 ns
critical read: issue time	10855serve time	11493 ns
transactional read: issue time	10855serve time	11493 ns
transactional read: issue time	11143serve time	11493 ns
transactional read: issue time	11143serve time	11493 ns
critical read: issue time	11101serve time	11501 ns
transactional read: issue time	11101serve time	11501 ns
transactional read: issue time	11101serve time	11501 ns
transactional read: issue time	11101serve time	11501 ns
critical read: issue time	11143serve time	11501 ns
transactional read: issue time	11143serve time	11501 ns
transactional read: issue time	10875serve time	11501 ns
transactional read: issue time	10875serve time	11501 ns
critical read: issue time	10753serve time	11509 ns
transactional read: issue time	10753serve time	11509 ns
transactional read: issue time	10753serve time	11509 ns
transactional read: issue time	10753serve time	11509 ns
critical read: issue time	10875serve time	11509 ns
transactional read: issue time	10875serve time	11509 ns
transactional read: issue time	10895serve time	11509 ns
transactional read: issue time	10895serve time	11509 ns
critical read: issue time	10773serve time	11517 ns
transactional read: issue time	10773serve time	11517 ns
transactional read: issue time	10773serve time	11517 ns
transactional read: issue time	10773serve time	11517 ns
critical read: issue time	10895serve time	11517 ns
transactional read: issue time	10895serve time	11517 ns
transactional read: issue time	10915serve time	11517 ns
transactional read: issue time	10915serve time	11517 ns
critical read: issue time	10795serve time	11525 ns
transactional read: issue time	10795serve time	11525 ns
transactional read: issue time	10795serve time	11525 ns
transactional read: issue time	10795serve time	11525 ns
critical read: issue time	10915serve time	11525 ns
transactional read: issue time	10915serve time	11525 ns
transactional read: issue time	10959serve time	11525 ns
critical read: issue time	10959serve time	11525 ns
critical read: issue time	10815serve time	11533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10815serve time	11533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10815serve time	11533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10815serve time	11533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10959serve time	11533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10959serve time	11533 ns
transactional read: issue time	11195serve time	11533 ns
transactional read: issue time	11195serve time	11533 ns
critical read: issue time	11122serve time	11541 ns
transactional read: issue time	11122serve time	11541 ns
transactional read: issue time	11122serve time	11541 ns
transactional read: issue time	11122serve time	11541 ns
critical read: issue time	11195serve time	11541 ns
transactional read: issue time	11195serve time	11541 ns
transactional read: issue time	11061serve time	11541 ns
transactional read: issue time	11061serve time	11541 ns
toll write: issue time	8819serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	8819serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	8819serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	8819serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	10775serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	10775serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	10775serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	10775serve time	11549 ns
toll write: issue time	8935serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	8935serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	8935serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	8935serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	10944serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	10944serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	10944serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	10944serve time	11557 ns
toll write: issue time	9301serve time	11565 ns
toll write: issue time	9301serve time	11565 ns
toll write: issue time	9301serve time	11565 ns
toll write: issue time	9301serve time	11565 ns
toll write: issue time	10363serve time	11565 ns
toll write: issue time	10363serve time	11565 ns
toll write: issue time	10363serve time	11565 ns
toll write: issue time	10363serve time	11565 ns
critical read: issue time	11165serve time	11573 ns
transactional read: issue time	11165serve time	11573 ns
transactional read: issue time	11165serve time	11573 ns
transactional read: issue time	11165serve time	11573 ns
critical read: issue time	11061serve time	11573 ns
transactional read: issue time	11061serve time	11573 ns
transactional read: issue time	11081serve time	11573 ns
transactional read: issue time	11081serve time	11573 ns
critical read: issue time	10935serve time	11581 ns
transactional read: issue time	10935serve time	11581 ns
transactional read: issue time	10935serve time	11581 ns
transactional read: issue time	10935serve time	11581 ns
critical read: issue time	11081serve time	11581 ns
transactional read: issue time	11081serve time	11581 ns
transactional read: issue time	11217serve time	11581 ns
transactional read: issue time	11217serve time	11581 ns
critical read: issue time	10979serve time	11589 ns
transactional read: issue time	10979serve time	11589 ns
transactional read: issue time	10979serve time	11589 ns
transactional read: issue time	10979serve time	11589 ns
critical read: issue time	11217serve time	11589 ns
transactional read: issue time	11217serve time	11589 ns
transactional read: issue time	11101serve time	11589 ns
transactional read: issue time	11101serve time	11589 ns
critical read: issue time	11001serve time	11597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11001serve time	11597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11001serve time	11597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11001serve time	11597 ns
critical read: issue time	11101serve time	11597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11101serve time	11597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11121serve time	11597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11121serve time	11597 ns
critical read: issue time	11021serve time	11605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11021serve time	11605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11021serve time	11605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11021serve time	11605 ns
critical read: issue time	11121serve time	11605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11121serve time	11605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11141serve time	11605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11141serve time	11605 ns
critical read: issue time	11041serve time	11613 ns
transactional read: issue time	11041serve time	11613 ns
transactional read: issue time	11041serve time	11613 ns
transactional read: issue time	11041serve time	11613 ns
critical read: issue time	11141serve time	11613 ns
transactional read: issue time	11141serve time	11613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8959serve time	11613 ns
transactional read: issue time	8959serve time	11613 ns
critical read: issue time	11163serve time	11621 ns
transactional read: issue time	11163serve time	11621 ns
transactional read: issue time	11163serve time	11621 ns
transactional read: issue time	11163serve time	11621 ns
critical read: issue time	8959serve time	11621 ns
transactional read: issue time	8959serve time	11621 ns
transactional read: issue time	11259serve time	11621 ns
transactional read: issue time	11259serve time	11621 ns
critical read: issue time	11183serve time	11629 ns
transactional read: issue time	11183serve time	11629 ns
transactional read: issue time	11183serve time	11629 ns
transactional read: issue time	11183serve time	11629 ns
critical read: issue time	11259serve time	11629 ns
transactional read: issue time	11259serve time	11629 ns
transactional read: issue time	9005serve time	11629 ns
transactional read: issue time	9005serve time	11629 ns
critical read: issue time	11203serve time	11637 ns
transactional read: issue time	11203serve time	11637 ns
transactional read: issue time	11203serve time	11637 ns
transactional read: issue time	11203serve time	11637 ns
critical read: issue time	9005serve time	11637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9005serve time	11637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9025serve time	11637 ns
transactional read: issue time	9025serve time	11637 ns
critical read: issue time	11223serve time	11645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11223serve time	11645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11223serve time	11645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11223serve time	11645 ns
critical read: issue time	9025serve time	11645 ns
transactional read: issue time	9025serve time	11645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11265serve time	11645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11265serve time	11645 ns
toll write: issue time	10308serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10308serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10308serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10308serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10652serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10652serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10652serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10652serve time	11653 ns
toll write: issue time	10357serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	10357serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	10357serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	10357serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	11126serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	11126serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	11126serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	11126serve time	11661 ns
toll write: issue time	8915serve time	11669 ns
toll write: issue time	8915serve time	11669 ns
toll write: issue time	8915serve time	11669 ns
toll write: issue time	8915serve time	11669 ns
toll write: issue time	10848serve time	11669 ns
toll write: issue time	10848serve time	11669 ns
toll write: issue time	10848serve time	11669 ns
toll write: issue time	10848serve time	11669 ns
critical read: issue time	8919serve time	11677 ns
transactional read: issue time	8919serve time	11677 ns
transactional read: issue time	8919serve time	11677 ns
transactional read: issue time	8919serve time	11677 ns
transactional read: issue time	11265serve time	11677 ns
critical read: issue time	11265serve time	11677 ns
transactional read: issue time	9070serve time	11677 ns
transactional read: issue time	9070serve time	11677 ns
critical read: issue time	11237serve time	11685 ns
transactional read: issue time	11237serve time	11685 ns
transactional read: issue time	11237serve time	11685 ns
transactional read: issue time	11237serve time	11685 ns
critical read: issue time	9070serve time	11685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9070serve time	11685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9133serve time	11685 ns
transactional read: issue time	9133serve time	11685 ns
critical read: issue time	8939serve time	11693 ns
transactional read: issue time	8939serve time	11693 ns
transactional read: issue time	8939serve time	11693 ns
transactional read: issue time	8939serve time	11693 ns
critical read: issue time	9133serve time	11693 ns
transactional read: issue time	9133serve time	11693 ns
transactional read: issue time	11331serve time	11693 ns
transactional read: issue time	11331serve time	11693 ns
toll write: issue time	10543serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	10543serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	10543serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	10543serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	9070serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	9070serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	9070serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	9070serve time	11701 ns
toll write: issue time	9113serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	9113serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	9113serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	9113serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	11325serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	11325serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	11325serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	11325serve time	11709 ns
toll write: issue time	9150serve time	11717 ns
toll write: issue time	9150serve time	11717 ns
toll write: issue time	9150serve time	11717 ns
toll write: issue time	9150serve time	11717 ns
toll write: issue time	11381serve time	11717 ns
toll write: issue time	11381serve time	11717 ns
toll write: issue time	11381serve time	11717 ns
toll write: issue time	11381serve time	11717 ns
critical read: issue time	11245serve time	11725 ns
transactional read: issue time	11245serve time	11725 ns
transactional read: issue time	11245serve time	11725 ns
transactional read: issue time	11245serve time	11725 ns
critical read: issue time	11331serve time	11725 ns
transactional read: issue time	11331serve time	11725 ns
transactional read: issue time	11285serve time	11725 ns
transactional read: issue time	11285serve time	11725 ns
critical read: issue time	8984serve time	11733 ns
transactional read: issue time	8984serve time	11733 ns
transactional read: issue time	8984serve time	11733 ns
transactional read: issue time	8984serve time	11733 ns
critical read: issue time	11285serve time	11733 ns
transactional read: issue time	11285serve time	11733 ns
transactional read: issue time	11325serve time	11733 ns
transactional read: issue time	11325serve time	11733 ns
critical read: issue time	9045serve time	11741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9045serve time	11741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9045serve time	11741 ns
transactional read: issue time	9045serve time	11741 ns
critical read: issue time	11325serve time	11741 ns
transactional read: issue time	11325serve time	11741 ns
transactional read: issue time	11345serve time	11741 ns
transactional read: issue time	11345serve time	11741 ns
critical read: issue time	9091serve time	11749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	11749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	11749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9091serve time	11749 ns
critical read: issue time	11345serve time	11749 ns
transactional read: issue time	11345serve time	11749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9179serve time	11749 ns
transactional read: issue time	9179serve time	11749 ns
critical read: issue time	9111serve time	11757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	11757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	11757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9111serve time	11757 ns
critical read: issue time	9179serve time	11757 ns
transactional read: issue time	9179serve time	11757 ns
transactional read: issue time	11366serve time	11757 ns
transactional read: issue time	11366serve time	11757 ns
critical read: issue time	11289serve time	11765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11289serve time	11765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11289serve time	11765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11289serve time	11765 ns
critical read: issue time	11366serve time	11765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11366serve time	11765 ns
transactional read: issue time	9235serve time	11765 ns
transactional read: issue time	9235serve time	11765 ns
critical read: issue time	11310serve time	11773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11310serve time	11773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11310serve time	11773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11310serve time	11773 ns
critical read: issue time	9235serve time	11773 ns
transactional read: issue time	9235serve time	11773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11381serve time	11773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11381serve time	11773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11305serve time	11781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11305serve time	11781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11305serve time	11781 ns
critical read: issue time	11305serve time	11781 ns
critical read: issue time	11381serve time	11781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11381serve time	11781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11402serve time	11781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11402serve time	11781 ns
critical read: issue time	11351serve time	11789 ns
transactional read: issue time	11351serve time	11789 ns
transactional read: issue time	11351serve time	11789 ns
transactional read: issue time	11351serve time	11789 ns
critical read: issue time	11402serve time	11789 ns
transactional read: issue time	11402serve time	11789 ns
transactional read: issue time	9297serve time	11789 ns
transactional read: issue time	9297serve time	11789 ns
critical read: issue time	9158serve time	11797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9158serve time	11797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9158serve time	11797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9158serve time	11797 ns
critical read: issue time	9297serve time	11797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9297serve time	11797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9345serve time	11797 ns
transactional read: issue time	9345serve time	11797 ns
critical read: issue time	9215serve time	11805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9215serve time	11805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9215serve time	11805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9215serve time	11805 ns
critical read: issue time	9345serve time	11805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9345serve time	11805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9365serve time	11805 ns
transactional read: issue time	9365serve time	11805 ns
critical read: issue time	9257serve time	11813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9257serve time	11813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9257serve time	11813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9257serve time	11813 ns
critical read: issue time	9365serve time	11813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9365serve time	11813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9410serve time	11813 ns
transactional read: issue time	9410serve time	11813 ns
critical read: issue time	11387serve time	11821 ns
transactional read: issue time	11387serve time	11821 ns
transactional read: issue time	11387serve time	11821 ns
transactional read: issue time	11387serve time	11821 ns
critical read: issue time	9410serve time	11821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9410serve time	11821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9471serve time	11821 ns
transactional read: issue time	9471serve time	11821 ns
critical read: issue time	9277serve time	11829 ns
transactional read: issue time	9277serve time	11829 ns
transactional read: issue time	9277serve time	11829 ns
transactional read: issue time	9277serve time	11829 ns
critical read: issue time	9471serve time	11829 ns
transactional read: issue time	9471serve time	11829 ns
transactional read: issue time	11443serve time	11829 ns
transactional read: issue time	11443serve time	11829 ns
critical read: issue time	11409serve time	11837 ns
transactional read: issue time	11409serve time	11837 ns
transactional read: issue time	11409serve time	11837 ns
transactional read: issue time	11409serve time	11837 ns
critical read: issue time	11443serve time	11837 ns
transactional read: issue time	11443serve time	11837 ns
transactional read: issue time	9517serve time	11837 ns
transactional read: issue time	9517serve time	11837 ns
critical read: issue time	9322serve time	11845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9322serve time	11845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9322serve time	11845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9322serve time	11845 ns
critical read: issue time	9517serve time	11845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9517serve time	11845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9537serve time	11845 ns
transactional read: issue time	9537serve time	11845 ns
critical read: issue time	9385serve time	11853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9385serve time	11853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9385serve time	11853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9385serve time	11853 ns
critical read: issue time	9537serve time	11853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9537serve time	11853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9582serve time	11853 ns
transactional read: issue time	9582serve time	11853 ns
critical read: issue time	11423serve time	11861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11423serve time	11861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11423serve time	11861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11423serve time	11861 ns
critical read: issue time	9582serve time	11861 ns
transactional read: issue time	9582serve time	11861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11469serve time	11861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11469serve time	11861 ns
critical read: issue time	11429serve time	11869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11429serve time	11869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11429serve time	11869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11429serve time	11869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11469serve time	11869 ns
critical read: issue time	11469serve time	11869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11509serve time	11869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11509serve time	11869 ns
critical read: issue time	9431serve time	11877 ns
transactional read: issue time	9431serve time	11877 ns
transactional read: issue time	9431serve time	11877 ns
transactional read: issue time	9431serve time	11877 ns
critical read: issue time	11509serve time	11877 ns
transactional read: issue time	11509serve time	11877 ns
transactional read: issue time	11515serve time	11877 ns
transactional read: issue time	11515serve time	11877 ns
critical read: issue time	9451serve time	11885 ns
transactional read: issue time	9451serve time	11885 ns
transactional read: issue time	9451serve time	11885 ns
transactional read: issue time	9451serve time	11885 ns
critical read: issue time	11515serve time	11885 ns
transactional read: issue time	11515serve time	11885 ns
transactional read: issue time	9645serve time	11885 ns
transactional read: issue time	9645serve time	11885 ns
critical read: issue time	9496serve time	11893 ns
transactional read: issue time	9496serve time	11893 ns
transactional read: issue time	9496serve time	11893 ns
transactional read: issue time	9496serve time	11893 ns
critical read: issue time	9645serve time	11893 ns
transactional read: issue time	9645serve time	11893 ns
transactional read: issue time	9693serve time	11893 ns
transactional read: issue time	9693serve time	11893 ns
critical read: issue time	11449serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	11449serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	11449serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	11449serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	9557serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	9557serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	9557serve time	11901 ns
critical read: issue time	9693serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	9693serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	9713serve time	11901 ns
transactional read: issue time	9713serve time	11901 ns
critical read: issue time	9557serve time	11909 ns
transactional read: issue time	9603serve time	11909 ns
transactional read: issue time	9603serve time	11909 ns
transactional read: issue time	9603serve time	11909 ns
critical read: issue time	9713serve time	11909 ns
transactional read: issue time	9713serve time	11909 ns
transactional read: issue time	9758serve time	11909 ns
transactional read: issue time	9758serve time	11909 ns
critical read: issue time	9603serve time	11917 ns
transactional read: issue time	11473serve time	11917 ns
transactional read: issue time	11473serve time	11917 ns
transactional read: issue time	11473serve time	11917 ns
critical read: issue time	9758serve time	11917 ns
transactional read: issue time	9758serve time	11917 ns
transactional read: issue time	11565serve time	11917 ns
transactional read: issue time	11565serve time	11917 ns
critical read: issue time	11473serve time	11925 ns
transactional read: issue time	9623serve time	11925 ns
transactional read: issue time	9623serve time	11925 ns
transactional read: issue time	9623serve time	11925 ns
critical read: issue time	11565serve time	11925 ns
transactional read: issue time	11565serve time	11925 ns
transactional read: issue time	11549serve time	11925 ns
transactional read: issue time	11549serve time	11925 ns
critical read: issue time	9623serve time	11933 ns
transactional read: issue time	11489serve time	11933 ns
transactional read: issue time	11489serve time	11933 ns
transactional read: issue time	11489serve time	11933 ns
critical read: issue time	11549serve time	11933 ns
transactional read: issue time	11549serve time	11933 ns
transactional read: issue time	11569serve time	11933 ns
transactional read: issue time	11569serve time	11933 ns
critical read: issue time	11489serve time	11941 ns
transactional read: issue time	11494serve time	11941 ns
transactional read: issue time	11494serve time	11941 ns
transactional read: issue time	11494serve time	11941 ns
critical read: issue time	11569serve time	11941 ns
transactional read: issue time	11569serve time	11941 ns
transactional read: issue time	9819serve time	11941 ns
transactional read: issue time	9819serve time	11941 ns
toll write: issue time	9160serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	9160serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	9160serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	9160serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	11449serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	11449serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	11449serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	11449serve time	11949 ns
toll write: issue time	9373serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	9373serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	9373serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	9373serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	11502serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	11502serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	11502serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	11502serve time	11957 ns
toll write: issue time	9392serve time	11965 ns
toll write: issue time	9392serve time	11965 ns
toll write: issue time	9392serve time	11965 ns
toll write: issue time	9392serve time	11965 ns
toll write: issue time	9702serve time	11965 ns
toll write: issue time	9702serve time	11965 ns
toll write: issue time	9702serve time	11965 ns
toll write: issue time	9702serve time	11965 ns
critical read: issue time	11494serve time	11973 ns
transactional read: issue time	9670serve time	11973 ns
transactional read: issue time	9670serve time	11973 ns
transactional read: issue time	9670serve time	11973 ns
critical read: issue time	9819serve time	11973 ns
transactional read: issue time	9819serve time	11973 ns
transactional read: issue time	11629serve time	11973 ns
transactional read: issue time	11629serve time	11973 ns
critical read: issue time	9670serve time	11981 ns
transactional read: issue time	11529serve time	11981 ns
transactional read: issue time	11529serve time	11981 ns
critical read: issue time	11529serve time	11981 ns
critical read: issue time	11629serve time	11981 ns
transactional read: issue time	11629serve time	11981 ns
transactional read: issue time	9865serve time	11981 ns
transactional read: issue time	9865serve time	11981 ns
transactional read: issue time	11529serve time	11989 ns
transactional read: issue time	11535serve time	11989 ns
transactional read: issue time	11535serve time	11989 ns
transactional read: issue time	11535serve time	11989 ns
critical read: issue time	9865serve time	11989 ns
transactional read: issue time	9865serve time	11989 ns
transactional read: issue time	9885serve time	11989 ns
transactional read: issue time	9885serve time	11989 ns
toll write: issue time	10729serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	10729serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	10729serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	10729serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	11549serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	11549serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	11549serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	11549serve time	11997 ns
toll write: issue time	9499serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	9499serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	9499serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	9499serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	12005 ns
toll write: issue time	10816serve time	12013 ns
toll write: issue time	10816serve time	12013 ns
toll write: issue time	10816serve time	12013 ns
toll write: issue time	10816serve time	12013 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	12013 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	12013 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	12013 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	12013 ns
critical read: issue time	11535serve time	12021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9733serve time	12021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9733serve time	12021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9733serve time	12021 ns
critical read: issue time	9885serve time	12021 ns
transactional read: issue time	9885serve time	12021 ns
transactional read: issue time	11645serve time	12021 ns
transactional read: issue time	11645serve time	12021 ns
critical read: issue time	9733serve time	12029 ns
transactional read: issue time	11585serve time	12029 ns
transactional read: issue time	11585serve time	12029 ns
transactional read: issue time	11585serve time	12029 ns
critical read: issue time	11645serve time	12029 ns
transactional read: issue time	11645serve time	12029 ns
transactional read: issue time	11685serve time	12029 ns
transactional read: issue time	11685serve time	12029 ns
critical read: issue time	11585serve time	12037 ns
transactional read: issue time	11589serve time	12037 ns
critical read: issue time	11589serve time	12037 ns
transactional read: issue time	11589serve time	12037 ns
critical read: issue time	11685serve time	12037 ns
transactional read: issue time	11685serve time	12037 ns
critical read: issue time	11669serve time	12037 ns
transactional read: issue time	11669serve time	12037 ns
toll write: issue time	9860serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	9860serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	9860serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	9860serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	11689serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	11689serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	11689serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	11689serve time	12045 ns
toll write: issue time	10847serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10847serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10847serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10847serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10026serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10026serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10026serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10026serve time	12053 ns
toll write: issue time	10857serve time	12061 ns
toll write: issue time	10857serve time	12061 ns
toll write: issue time	10857serve time	12061 ns
toll write: issue time	10857serve time	12061 ns
toll write: issue time	10036serve time	12061 ns
toll write: issue time	10036serve time	12061 ns
toll write: issue time	10036serve time	12061 ns
toll write: issue time	10036serve time	12061 ns
transactional read: issue time	11589serve time	12069 ns
transactional read: issue time	11605serve time	12069 ns
transactional read: issue time	11605serve time	12069 ns
transactional read: issue time	11605serve time	12069 ns
transactional read: issue time	11669serve time	12069 ns
transactional read: issue time	11669serve time	12069 ns
critical read: issue time	11689serve time	12069 ns
transactional read: issue time	11689serve time	12069 ns
critical read: issue time	11605serve time	12077 ns
transactional read: issue time	11609serve time	12077 ns
transactional read: issue time	11609serve time	12077 ns
transactional read: issue time	11609serve time	12077 ns
transactional read: issue time	11689serve time	12077 ns
transactional read: issue time	11689serve time	12077 ns
transactional read: issue time	11705serve time	12077 ns
transactional read: issue time	11705serve time	12077 ns
critical read: issue time	11609serve time	12085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9779serve time	12085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9779serve time	12085 ns
transactional read: issue time	9779serve time	12085 ns
critical read: issue time	11705serve time	12085 ns
transactional read: issue time	11705serve time	12085 ns
transactional read: issue time	11709serve time	12085 ns
transactional read: issue time	11709serve time	12085 ns
critical read: issue time	9779serve time	12093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9799serve time	12093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9799serve time	12093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9799serve time	12093 ns
critical read: issue time	11709serve time	12093 ns
transactional read: issue time	11709serve time	12093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9985serve time	12093 ns
transactional read: issue time	9985serve time	12093 ns
critical read: issue time	9799serve time	12101 ns
critical read: issue time	11625serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	11625serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	11625serve time	12101 ns
critical read: issue time	9985serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	9985serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	11749serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	11749serve time	12101 ns
critical read: issue time	11749serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	11749serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	11757serve time	12101 ns
transactional read: issue time	11625serve time	12109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9844serve time	12109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9844serve time	12109 ns
transactional read: issue time	9844serve time	12109 ns
critical read: issue time	11757serve time	12109 ns
transactional read: issue time	11757serve time	12109 ns
transactional read: issue time	11757serve time	12109 ns
transactional read: issue time	10027serve time	12109 ns
critical read: issue time	9844serve time	12117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9905serve time	12117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9905serve time	12117 ns
transactional read: issue time	9905serve time	12117 ns
critical read: issue time	10027serve time	12117 ns
transactional read: issue time	10027serve time	12117 ns
transactional read: issue time	10027serve time	12117 ns
transactional read: issue time	10047serve time	12117 ns
critical read: issue time	9905serve time	12125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9925serve time	12125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9925serve time	12125 ns
transactional read: issue time	9925serve time	12125 ns
critical read: issue time	10047serve time	12125 ns
transactional read: issue time	10047serve time	12125 ns
transactional read: issue time	10047serve time	12125 ns
transactional read: issue time	10087serve time	12125 ns
critical read: issue time	9925serve time	12133 ns
transactional read: issue time	11649serve time	12133 ns
transactional read: issue time	11649serve time	12133 ns
transactional read: issue time	11649serve time	12133 ns
critical read: issue time	11649serve time	12133 ns
transactional read: issue time	11665serve time	12133 ns
transactional read: issue time	11665serve time	12133 ns
critical read: issue time	10087serve time	12133 ns
transactional read: issue time	10087serve time	12133 ns
transactional read: issue time	10087serve time	12133 ns
critical read: issue time	10167serve time	12133 ns
critical read: issue time	11665serve time	12141 ns
transactional read: issue time	11665serve time	12141 ns
transactional read: issue time	11735serve time	12141 ns
transactional read: issue time	11735serve time	12141 ns
transactional read: issue time	10167serve time	12141 ns
transactional read: issue time	10167serve time	12141 ns
transactional read: issue time	10167serve time	12141 ns
transactional read: issue time	11814serve time	12141 ns
critical read: issue time	11735serve time	12149 ns
transactional read: issue time	11735serve time	12149 ns
transactional read: issue time	11729serve time	12149 ns
transactional read: issue time	11729serve time	12149 ns
critical read: issue time	11814serve time	12149 ns
transactional read: issue time	11814serve time	12149 ns
transactional read: issue time	11814serve time	12149 ns
transactional read: issue time	10229serve time	12149 ns
critical read: issue time	11729serve time	12157 ns
transactional read: issue time	11729serve time	12157 ns
transactional read: issue time	9945serve time	12157 ns
transactional read: issue time	9945serve time	12157 ns
critical read: issue time	10229serve time	12157 ns
transactional read: issue time	10229serve time	12157 ns
transactional read: issue time	10229serve time	12157 ns
transactional read: issue time	11827serve time	12157 ns
critical read: issue time	9945serve time	12165 ns
transactional read: issue time	9945serve time	12165 ns
transactional read: issue time	9965serve time	12165 ns
transactional read: issue time	9965serve time	12165 ns
critical read: issue time	11827serve time	12165 ns
transactional read: issue time	11827serve time	12165 ns
transactional read: issue time	11827serve time	12165 ns
transactional read: issue time	11835serve time	12165 ns
transactional read: issue time	9965serve time	12173 ns
critical read: issue time	9965serve time	12173 ns
critical read: issue time	10005serve time	12173 ns
transactional read: issue time	10005serve time	12173 ns
critical read: issue time	11835serve time	12173 ns
transactional read: issue time	11835serve time	12173 ns
transactional read: issue time	11835serve time	12173 ns
transactional read: issue time	10271serve time	12173 ns
transactional read: issue time	10005serve time	12181 ns
transactional read: issue time	10005serve time	12181 ns
transactional read: issue time	11769serve time	12181 ns
transactional read: issue time	11769serve time	12181 ns
critical read: issue time	10271serve time	12181 ns
transactional read: issue time	10271serve time	12181 ns
transactional read: issue time	10271serve time	12181 ns
transactional read: issue time	11855serve time	12181 ns
critical read: issue time	11769serve time	12189 ns
transactional read: issue time	11769serve time	12189 ns
transactional read: issue time	11777serve time	12189 ns
transactional read: issue time	11777serve time	12189 ns
critical read: issue time	11855serve time	12189 ns
transactional read: issue time	11855serve time	12189 ns
transactional read: issue time	11855serve time	12189 ns
transactional read: issue time	10333serve time	12189 ns
critical read: issue time	11777serve time	12197 ns
transactional read: issue time	11777serve time	12197 ns
transactional read: issue time	10067serve time	12197 ns
transactional read: issue time	10067serve time	12197 ns
critical read: issue time	10333serve time	12197 ns
transactional read: issue time	10333serve time	12197 ns
transactional read: issue time	10333serve time	12197 ns
transactional read: issue time	11869serve time	12197 ns
critical read: issue time	10067serve time	12205 ns
transactional read: issue time	10067serve time	12205 ns
transactional read: issue time	10107serve time	12205 ns
transactional read: issue time	10107serve time	12205 ns
critical read: issue time	11869serve time	12205 ns
transactional read: issue time	11869serve time	12205 ns
transactional read: issue time	11869serve time	12205 ns
transactional read: issue time	11875serve time	12205 ns
transactional read: issue time	10107serve time	12213 ns
critical read: issue time	10107serve time	12213 ns
transactional read: issue time	11789serve time	12213 ns
transactional read: issue time	11789serve time	12213 ns
critical read: issue time	11875serve time	12213 ns
transactional read: issue time	11875serve time	12213 ns
transactional read: issue time	11875serve time	12213 ns
transactional read: issue time	10373serve time	12213 ns
critical read: issue time	11789serve time	12221 ns
transactional read: issue time	11789serve time	12221 ns
transactional read: issue time	11797serve time	12221 ns
transactional read: issue time	11797serve time	12221 ns
critical read: issue time	10373serve time	12221 ns
transactional read: issue time	10373serve time	12221 ns
transactional read: issue time	10373serve time	12221 ns
transactional read: issue time	11889serve time	12221 ns
critical read: issue time	11797serve time	12229 ns
transactional read: issue time	11797serve time	12229 ns
transactional read: issue time	10127serve time	12229 ns
transactional read: issue time	10127serve time	12229 ns
critical read: issue time	11889serve time	12229 ns
transactional read: issue time	11889serve time	12229 ns
transactional read: issue time	11889serve time	12229 ns
transactional read: issue time	10393serve time	12229 ns
critical read: issue time	10127serve time	12237 ns
transactional read: issue time	10127serve time	12237 ns
transactional read: issue time	10147serve time	12237 ns
transactional read: issue time	10147serve time	12237 ns
critical read: issue time	10393serve time	12237 ns
transactional read: issue time	10393serve time	12237 ns
transactional read: issue time	10393serve time	12237 ns
transactional read: issue time	11895serve time	12237 ns
critical read: issue time	10147serve time	12245 ns
transactional read: issue time	10147serve time	12245 ns
transactional read: issue time	10189serve time	12245 ns
transactional read: issue time	10189serve time	12245 ns
critical read: issue time	11895serve time	12245 ns
transactional read: issue time	11895serve time	12245 ns
transactional read: issue time	11895serve time	12245 ns
transactional read: issue time	10413serve time	12245 ns
critical read: issue time	10189serve time	12253 ns
transactional read: issue time	10189serve time	12253 ns
transactional read: issue time	10209serve time	12253 ns
transactional read: issue time	10209serve time	12253 ns
transactional read: issue time	10413serve time	12253 ns
critical read: issue time	10413serve time	12253 ns
transactional read: issue time	10413serve time	12253 ns
transactional read: issue time	11915serve time	12253 ns
critical read: issue time	10209serve time	12261 ns
transactional read: issue time	10209serve time	12261 ns
critical read: issue time	10249serve time	12261 ns
transactional read: issue time	10249serve time	12261 ns
transactional read: issue time	11915serve time	12261 ns
transactional read: issue time	11915serve time	12261 ns
critical read: issue time	11915serve time	12261 ns
transactional read: issue time	10433serve time	12261 ns
transactional read: issue time	10249serve time	12269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10249serve time	12269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10291serve time	12269 ns
critical read: issue time	10291serve time	12269 ns
critical read: issue time	10433serve time	12269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10433serve time	12269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10433serve time	12269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10453serve time	12269 ns
transactional read: issue time	10291serve time	12277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10291serve time	12277 ns
transactional read: issue time	11849serve time	12277 ns
transactional read: issue time	11849serve time	12277 ns
critical read: issue time	10453serve time	12277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10453serve time	12277 ns
transactional read: issue time	10453serve time	12277 ns
transactional read: issue time	11935serve time	12277 ns
critical read: issue time	11849serve time	12285 ns
transactional read: issue time	11849serve time	12285 ns
transactional read: issue time	10313serve time	12285 ns
transactional read: issue time	10313serve time	12285 ns
transactional read: issue time	11935serve time	12285 ns
transactional read: issue time	11935serve time	12285 ns
critical read: issue time	11935serve time	12285 ns
transactional read: issue time	10553serve time	12285 ns
critical read: issue time	10313serve time	12293 ns
transactional read: issue time	10313serve time	12293 ns
transactional read: issue time	10353serve time	12293 ns
transactional read: issue time	10353serve time	12293 ns
critical read: issue time	10553serve time	12293 ns
transactional read: issue time	10553serve time	12293 ns
transactional read: issue time	10553serve time	12293 ns
transactional read: issue time	11941serve time	12293 ns
toll write: issue time	9996serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	9996serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	9996serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	9996serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	11814serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	11814serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	11814serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	11814serve time	12301 ns
toll write: issue time	10918serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	10918serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	10918serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	10918serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	11874serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	11874serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	11874serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	11874serve time	12309 ns
toll write: issue time	10929serve time	12317 ns
toll write: issue time	10929serve time	12317 ns
toll write: issue time	10929serve time	12317 ns
toll write: issue time	10929serve time	12317 ns
toll write: issue time	10388serve time	12317 ns
toll write: issue time	10388serve time	12317 ns
toll write: issue time	10388serve time	12317 ns
toll write: issue time	10388serve time	12317 ns
critical read: issue time	10353serve time	12325 ns
transactional read: issue time	10353serve time	12325 ns
transactional read: issue time	11919serve time	12325 ns
transactional read: issue time	11919serve time	12325 ns
critical read: issue time	11941serve time	12325 ns
transactional read: issue time	11941serve time	12325 ns
transactional read: issue time	11941serve time	12325 ns
transactional read: issue time	10593serve time	12325 ns
critical read: issue time	11919serve time	12333 ns
transactional read: issue time	11919serve time	12333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10473serve time	12333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10473serve time	12333 ns
critical read: issue time	10593serve time	12333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10593serve time	12333 ns
transactional read: issue time	10593serve time	12333 ns
critical read: issue time	11975serve time	12333 ns
critical read: issue time	10473serve time	12341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10473serve time	12341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10493serve time	12341 ns
critical read: issue time	10493serve time	12341 ns
transactional read: issue time	11975serve time	12341 ns
transactional read: issue time	11975serve time	12341 ns
transactional read: issue time	11975serve time	12341 ns
transactional read: issue time	10695serve time	12341 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	10200serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	11894serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	11894serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	11894serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	11894serve time	12349 ns
toll write: issue time	11034serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	11034serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	11034serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	11034serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	11904serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	11904serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	11904serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	11904serve time	12357 ns
toll write: issue time	10544serve time	12365 ns
toll write: issue time	10544serve time	12365 ns
toll write: issue time	10544serve time	12365 ns
toll write: issue time	10544serve time	12365 ns
toll write: issue time	11914serve time	12365 ns
toll write: issue time	11914serve time	12365 ns
toll write: issue time	11914serve time	12365 ns
toll write: issue time	11914serve time	12365 ns
transactional read: issue time	10493serve time	12373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10493serve time	12373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10513serve time	12373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10513serve time	12373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10695serve time	12373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10695serve time	12373 ns
critical read: issue time	10695serve time	12373 ns
transactional read: issue time	10715serve time	12373 ns
critical read: issue time	10513serve time	12381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10513serve time	12381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10533serve time	12381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10533serve time	12381 ns
critical read: issue time	10715serve time	12381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10715serve time	12381 ns
transactional read: issue time	10715serve time	12381 ns
transactional read: issue time	12011serve time	12381 ns
critical read: issue time	10533serve time	12389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10533serve time	12389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10573serve time	12389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10573serve time	12389 ns
critical read: issue time	12011serve time	12389 ns
transactional read: issue time	12011serve time	12389 ns
transactional read: issue time	12011serve time	12389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10755serve time	12389 ns
transactional read: issue time	10573serve time	12397 ns
critical read: issue time	10573serve time	12397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10613serve time	12397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10613serve time	12397 ns
critical read: issue time	10755serve time	12397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10755serve time	12397 ns
transactional read: issue time	10755serve time	12397 ns
transactional read: issue time	12053serve time	12397 ns
critical read: issue time	10613serve time	12405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10613serve time	12405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10633serve time	12405 ns
transactional read: issue time	10633serve time	12405 ns
critical read: issue time	12053serve time	12405 ns
transactional read: issue time	12053serve time	12405 ns
transactional read: issue time	12053serve time	12405 ns
transactional read: issue time	12073serve time	12405 ns
critical read: issue time	10633serve time	12413 ns
transactional read: issue time	10633serve time	12413 ns
transactional read: issue time	11955serve time	12413 ns
transactional read: issue time	11955serve time	12413 ns
critical read: issue time	12073serve time	12413 ns
transactional read: issue time	12073serve time	12413 ns
transactional read: issue time	12073serve time	12413 ns
transactional read: issue time	12095serve time	12413 ns
toll write: issue time	10894serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10894serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10894serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10894serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10710serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10710serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10710serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10710serve time	12421 ns
toll write: issue time	10969serve time	12429 ns
toll write: issue time	10969serve time	12429 ns
toll write: issue time	10969serve time	12429 ns
toll write: issue time	10969serve time	12429 ns
toll write: issue time	12084serve time	12429 ns
toll write: issue time	12084serve time	12429 ns
toll write: issue time	12084serve time	12429 ns
toll write: issue time	12084serve time	12429 ns
critical read: issue time	11955serve time	12437 ns
transactional read: issue time	11955serve time	12437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10655serve time	12437 ns
transactional read: issue time	10655serve time	12437 ns
critical read: issue time	12095serve time	12437 ns
transactional read: issue time	12095serve time	12437 ns
transactional read: issue time	12095serve time	12437 ns
transactional read: issue time	12115serve time	12437 ns
critical read: issue time	10655serve time	12445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10655serve time	12445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10675serve time	12445 ns
transactional read: issue time	10675serve time	12445 ns
critical read: issue time	12115serve time	12445 ns
transactional read: issue time	12115serve time	12445 ns
transactional read: issue time	12115serve time	12445 ns
transactional read: issue time	12127serve time	12445 ns
critical read: issue time	10675serve time	12453 ns
transactional read: issue time	10675serve time	12453 ns
transactional read: issue time	11961serve time	12453 ns
transactional read: issue time	11961serve time	12453 ns
critical read: issue time	12127serve time	12453 ns
transactional read: issue time	12127serve time	12453 ns
transactional read: issue time	12127serve time	12453 ns
transactional read: issue time	12135serve time	12453 ns
critical read: issue time	11961serve time	12461 ns
transactional read: issue time	11961serve time	12461 ns
transactional read: issue time	11981serve time	12461 ns
transactional read: issue time	11981serve time	12461 ns
critical read: issue time	12135serve time	12461 ns
transactional read: issue time	12135serve time	12461 ns
transactional read: issue time	12135serve time	12461 ns
transactional read: issue time	12155serve time	12461 ns
critical read: issue time	11981serve time	12469 ns
transactional read: issue time	11981serve time	12469 ns
transactional read: issue time	11995serve time	12469 ns
transactional read: issue time	11995serve time	12469 ns
critical read: issue time	12155serve time	12469 ns
transactional read: issue time	12155serve time	12469 ns
transactional read: issue time	12155serve time	12469 ns
transactional read: issue time	10879serve time	12469 ns
critical read: issue time	11995serve time	12477 ns
transactional read: issue time	11995serve time	12477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10735serve time	12477 ns
critical read: issue time	10735serve time	12477 ns
critical read: issue time	10879serve time	12477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10879serve time	12477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10879serve time	12477 ns
transactional read: issue time	12175serve time	12477 ns
transactional read: issue time	10735serve time	12485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10735serve time	12485 ns
transactional read: issue time	12015serve time	12485 ns
transactional read: issue time	12015serve time	12485 ns
critical read: issue time	12175serve time	12485 ns
transactional read: issue time	12175serve time	12485 ns
transactional read: issue time	12175serve time	12485 ns
transactional read: issue time	10923serve time	12485 ns
critical read: issue time	12015serve time	12493 ns
transactional read: issue time	12015serve time	12493 ns
transactional read: issue time	12033serve time	12493 ns
transactional read: issue time	12033serve time	12493 ns
critical read: issue time	10923serve time	12493 ns
transactional read: issue time	10923serve time	12493 ns
transactional read: issue time	10923serve time	12493 ns
transactional read: issue time	10943serve time	12493 ns
critical read: issue time	12033serve time	12501 ns
transactional read: issue time	12033serve time	12501 ns
transactional read: issue time	12035serve time	12501 ns
transactional read: issue time	12035serve time	12501 ns
critical read: issue time	10943serve time	12501 ns
transactional read: issue time	10943serve time	12501 ns
transactional read: issue time	10943serve time	12501 ns
transactional read: issue time	11045serve time	12501 ns
critical read: issue time	12035serve time	12509 ns
transactional read: issue time	12035serve time	12509 ns
transactional read: issue time	12055serve time	12509 ns
transactional read: issue time	12055serve time	12509 ns
critical read: issue time	11045serve time	12509 ns
transactional read: issue time	11045serve time	12509 ns
transactional read: issue time	11045serve time	12509 ns
transactional read: issue time	12197serve time	12509 ns
critical read: issue time	12055serve time	12517 ns
transactional read: issue time	12055serve time	12517 ns
transactional read: issue time	12075serve time	12517 ns
transactional read: issue time	12075serve time	12517 ns
critical read: issue time	12197serve time	12517 ns
transactional read: issue time	12197serve time	12517 ns
transactional read: issue time	12197serve time	12517 ns
transactional read: issue time	12201serve time	12517 ns
critical read: issue time	12075serve time	12525 ns
transactional read: issue time	12075serve time	12525 ns
transactional read: issue time	12103serve time	12525 ns
transactional read: issue time	12103serve time	12525 ns
critical read: issue time	12201serve time	12525 ns
transactional read: issue time	12201serve time	12525 ns
transactional read: issue time	12201serve time	12525 ns
transactional read: issue time	11085serve time	12525 ns
critical read: issue time	12103serve time	12533 ns
transactional read: issue time	12103serve time	12533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10775serve time	12533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10775serve time	12533 ns
critical read: issue time	11085serve time	12533 ns
transactional read: issue time	11085serve time	12533 ns
transactional read: issue time	11085serve time	12533 ns
transactional read: issue time	12243serve time	12533 ns
transactional read: issue time	10775serve time	12541 ns
critical read: issue time	10775serve time	12541 ns
transactional read: issue time	10797serve time	12541 ns
transactional read: issue time	10797serve time	12541 ns
critical read: issue time	12243serve time	12541 ns
transactional read: issue time	12243serve time	12541 ns
transactional read: issue time	12243serve time	12541 ns
critical read: issue time	12257serve time	12541 ns
critical read: issue time	10797serve time	12549 ns
transactional read: issue time	10797serve time	12549 ns
transactional read: issue time	12149serve time	12549 ns
transactional read: issue time	12149serve time	12549 ns
transactional read: issue time	12257serve time	12549 ns
transactional read: issue time	12257serve time	12549 ns
transactional read: issue time	12257serve time	12549 ns
transactional read: issue time	11185serve time	12549 ns
toll write: issue time	11174serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	11174serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	11174serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	11174serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	12557 ns
toll write: issue time	11289serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	11289serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	11289serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	11289serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	12135serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	12135serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	12135serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	12135serve time	12565 ns
toll write: issue time	9215serve time	12573 ns
toll write: issue time	9215serve time	12573 ns
toll write: issue time	9215serve time	12573 ns
toll write: issue time	9215serve time	12573 ns
toll write: issue time	11125serve time	12573 ns
toll write: issue time	11125serve time	12573 ns
toll write: issue time	11125serve time	12573 ns
toll write: issue time	11125serve time	12573 ns
critical read: issue time	12149serve time	12581 ns
transactional read: issue time	12149serve time	12581 ns
transactional read: issue time	10817serve time	12581 ns
critical read: issue time	10817serve time	12581 ns
transactional read: issue time	11185serve time	12581 ns
transactional read: issue time	11185serve time	12581 ns
critical read: issue time	11185serve time	12581 ns
transactional read: issue time	12263serve time	12581 ns
transactional read: issue time	10817serve time	12589 ns
transactional read: issue time	10817serve time	12589 ns
transactional read: issue time	10837serve time	12589 ns
transactional read: issue time	10837serve time	12589 ns
critical read: issue time	12263serve time	12589 ns
transactional read: issue time	12263serve time	12589 ns
transactional read: issue time	12263serve time	12589 ns
transactional read: issue time	11205serve time	12589 ns
critical read: issue time	10837serve time	12597 ns
transactional read: issue time	10837serve time	12597 ns
transactional read: issue time	10857serve time	12597 ns
critical read: issue time	10857serve time	12597 ns
critical read: issue time	11205serve time	12597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11205serve time	12597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11205serve time	12597 ns
transactional read: issue time	11225serve time	12597 ns
transactional read: issue time	10857serve time	12605 ns
transactional read: issue time	10857serve time	12605 ns
transactional read: issue time	12171serve time	12605 ns
transactional read: issue time	12171serve time	12605 ns
critical read: issue time	11225serve time	12605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11225serve time	12605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11225serve time	12605 ns
transactional read: issue time	11245serve time	12605 ns
critical read: issue time	12171serve time	12613 ns
transactional read: issue time	12171serve time	12613 ns
transactional read: issue time	10901serve time	12613 ns
transactional read: issue time	10901serve time	12613 ns
critical read: issue time	11245serve time	12613 ns
transactional read: issue time	11245serve time	12613 ns
transactional read: issue time	11245serve time	12613 ns
transactional read: issue time	11265serve time	12613 ns
transactional read: issue time	10901serve time	12621 ns
critical read: issue time	10901serve time	12621 ns
transactional read: issue time	10963serve time	12621 ns
transactional read: issue time	10963serve time	12621 ns
transactional read: issue time	11265serve time	12621 ns
critical read: issue time	11265serve time	12621 ns
transactional read: issue time	11265serve time	12621 ns
critical read: issue time	12297serve time	12621 ns
critical read: issue time	10963serve time	12629 ns
transactional read: issue time	10963serve time	12629 ns
critical read: issue time	10983serve time	12629 ns
transactional read: issue time	10983serve time	12629 ns
transactional read: issue time	12297serve time	12629 ns
transactional read: issue time	12297serve time	12629 ns
transactional read: issue time	12297serve time	12629 ns
transactional read: issue time	12315serve time	12629 ns
transactional read: issue time	10983serve time	12637 ns
transactional read: issue time	10983serve time	12637 ns
transactional read: issue time	11005serve time	12637 ns
transactional read: issue time	11005serve time	12637 ns
critical read: issue time	12315serve time	12637 ns
transactional read: issue time	12315serve time	12637 ns
transactional read: issue time	12315serve time	12637 ns
transactional read: issue time	12359serve time	12637 ns
critical read: issue time	11005serve time	12645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11005serve time	12645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11025serve time	12645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11025serve time	12645 ns
transactional read: issue time	12359serve time	12645 ns
transactional read: issue time	12359serve time	12645 ns
critical read: issue time	12359serve time	12645 ns
transactional read: issue time	11307serve time	12645 ns
critical read: issue time	11025serve time	12653 ns
transactional read: issue time	11025serve time	12653 ns
transactional read: issue time	11065serve time	12653 ns
transactional read: issue time	11065serve time	12653 ns
critical read: issue time	11307serve time	12653 ns
transactional read: issue time	11307serve time	12653 ns
transactional read: issue time	11307serve time	12653 ns
critical read: issue time	11347serve time	12653 ns
critical read: issue time	11065serve time	12661 ns
transactional read: issue time	11065serve time	12661 ns
transactional read: issue time	12217serve time	12661 ns
critical read: issue time	12217serve time	12661 ns
transactional read: issue time	11347serve time	12661 ns
transactional read: issue time	11347serve time	12661 ns
transactional read: issue time	11347serve time	12661 ns
transactional read: issue time	12379serve time	12661 ns
transactional read: issue time	12217serve time	12669 ns
transactional read: issue time	12217serve time	12669 ns
transactional read: issue time	11105serve time	12669 ns
transactional read: issue time	11105serve time	12669 ns
critical read: issue time	12379serve time	12669 ns
transactional read: issue time	12379serve time	12669 ns
transactional read: issue time	12379serve time	12669 ns
transactional read: issue time	12385serve time	12669 ns
transactional read: issue time	11105serve time	12677 ns
critical read: issue time	11105serve time	12677 ns
transactional read: issue time	11125serve time	12677 ns
transactional read: issue time	11125serve time	12677 ns
critical read: issue time	12385serve time	12677 ns
transactional read: issue time	12385serve time	12677 ns
transactional read: issue time	12385serve time	12677 ns
transactional read: issue time	11367serve time	12677 ns
critical read: issue time	11125serve time	12685 ns
transactional read: issue time	11125serve time	12685 ns
transactional read: issue time	12223serve time	12685 ns
transactional read: issue time	12223serve time	12685 ns
critical read: issue time	11367serve time	12685 ns
transactional read: issue time	11367serve time	12685 ns
transactional read: issue time	11367serve time	12685 ns
transactional read: issue time	11389serve time	12685 ns
critical read: issue time	12223serve time	12693 ns
transactional read: issue time	12223serve time	12693 ns
transactional read: issue time	11145serve time	12693 ns
transactional read: issue time	11145serve time	12693 ns
critical read: issue time	11389serve time	12693 ns
transactional read: issue time	11389serve time	12693 ns
transactional read: issue time	11389serve time	12693 ns
transactional read: issue time	11409serve time	12693 ns
critical read: issue time	11145serve time	12701 ns
transactional read: issue time	11145serve time	12701 ns
transactional read: issue time	11165serve time	12701 ns
transactional read: issue time	11165serve time	12701 ns
critical read: issue time	11409serve time	12701 ns
transactional read: issue time	11409serve time	12701 ns
transactional read: issue time	11409serve time	12701 ns
transactional read: issue time	12429serve time	12701 ns
critical read: issue time	11165serve time	12709 ns
transactional read: issue time	11165serve time	12709 ns
transactional read: issue time	12237serve time	12709 ns
transactional read: issue time	12237serve time	12709 ns
critical read: issue time	12429serve time	12709 ns
transactional read: issue time	12429serve time	12709 ns
transactional read: issue time	12429serve time	12709 ns
transactional read: issue time	12419serve time	12709 ns
critical read: issue time	12237serve time	12717 ns
transactional read: issue time	12237serve time	12717 ns
transactional read: issue time	12277serve time	12717 ns
transactional read: issue time	12277serve time	12717 ns
critical read: issue time	12419serve time	12717 ns
transactional read: issue time	12419serve time	12717 ns
transactional read: issue time	12419serve time	12717 ns
transactional read: issue time	12449serve time	12717 ns
critical read: issue time	12277serve time	12725 ns
transactional read: issue time	12277serve time	12725 ns
transactional read: issue time	12293serve time	12725 ns
transactional read: issue time	12293serve time	12725 ns
critical read: issue time	12449serve time	12725 ns
transactional read: issue time	12449serve time	12725 ns
transactional read: issue time	12449serve time	12725 ns
transactional read: issue time	12459serve time	12725 ns
critical read: issue time	12293serve time	12733 ns
transactional read: issue time	12293serve time	12733 ns
transactional read: issue time	12335serve time	12733 ns
transactional read: issue time	12335serve time	12733 ns
critical read: issue time	12459serve time	12733 ns
transactional read: issue time	12459serve time	12733 ns
transactional read: issue time	12459serve time	12733 ns
transactional read: issue time	11473serve time	12733 ns
critical read: issue time	12335serve time	12741 ns
transactional read: issue time	12335serve time	12741 ns
transactional read: issue time	12317serve time	12741 ns
transactional read: issue time	12317serve time	12741 ns
transactional read: issue time	11473serve time	12741 ns
transactional read: issue time	11473serve time	12741 ns
critical read: issue time	11473serve time	12741 ns
transactional read: issue time	11513serve time	12741 ns
critical read: issue time	12317serve time	12749 ns
transactional read: issue time	12317serve time	12749 ns
critical read: issue time	12337serve time	12749 ns
transactional read: issue time	12337serve time	12749 ns
critical read: issue time	11513serve time	12749 ns
transactional read: issue time	11513serve time	12749 ns
transactional read: issue time	11513serve time	12749 ns
transactional read: issue time	11533serve time	12749 ns
transactional read: issue time	12337serve time	12757 ns
transactional read: issue time	12337serve time	12757 ns
transactional read: issue time	11287serve time	12757 ns
transactional read: issue time	11287serve time	12757 ns
critical read: issue time	11533serve time	12757 ns
transactional read: issue time	11533serve time	12757 ns
transactional read: issue time	11533serve time	12757 ns
transactional read: issue time	11553serve time	12757 ns
critical read: issue time	11287serve time	12765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11287serve time	12765 ns
transactional read: issue time	12355serve time	12765 ns
transactional read: issue time	12355serve time	12765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11553serve time	12765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11553serve time	12765 ns
critical read: issue time	11553serve time	12765 ns
transactional read: issue time	11573serve time	12765 ns
critical read: issue time	12355serve time	12773 ns
transactional read: issue time	12355serve time	12773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11327serve time	12773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11327serve time	12773 ns
critical read: issue time	11573serve time	12773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11573serve time	12773 ns
transactional read: issue time	11573serve time	12773 ns
critical read: issue time	11593serve time	12773 ns
critical read: issue time	11327serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11327serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	12399serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	12399serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11593serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11593serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11593serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	11693serve time	12781 ns
transactional read: issue time	12399serve time	12789 ns
critical read: issue time	12399serve time	12789 ns
transactional read: issue time	12407serve time	12789 ns
transactional read: issue time	12407serve time	12789 ns
critical read: issue time	11693serve time	12789 ns
transactional read: issue time	11693serve time	12789 ns
transactional read: issue time	11693serve time	12789 ns
transactional read: issue time	12503serve time	12789 ns
critical read: issue time	12407serve time	12797 ns
transactional read: issue time	12407serve time	12797 ns
transactional read: issue time	12439serve time	12797 ns
transactional read: issue time	12439serve time	12797 ns
critical read: issue time	12503serve time	12797 ns
transactional read: issue time	12503serve time	12797 ns
transactional read: issue time	12503serve time	12797 ns
transactional read: issue time	11733serve time	12797 ns
critical read: issue time	12439serve time	12805 ns
transactional read: issue time	12439serve time	12805 ns
critical read: issue time	11431serve time	12805 ns
transactional read: issue time	11431serve time	12805 ns
critical read: issue time	11733serve time	12805 ns
transactional read: issue time	11733serve time	12805 ns
transactional read: issue time	11733serve time	12805 ns
transactional read: issue time	11431serve time	12813 ns
transactional read: issue time	11431serve time	12813 ns
transactional read: issue time	11453serve time	12813 ns
transactional read: issue time	11453serve time	12813 ns
critical read: issue time	11453serve time	12821 ns
transactional read: issue time	11453serve time	12821 ns
transactional read: issue time	11493serve time	12821 ns
transactional read: issue time	11493serve time	12821 ns
critical read: issue time	11493serve time	12829 ns
transactional read: issue time	11493serve time	12829 ns
transactional read: issue time	12479serve time	12829 ns
transactional read: issue time	12479serve time	12829 ns
critical read: issue time	12479serve time	12837 ns
transactional read: issue time	12479serve time	12837 ns
critical read: issue time	12479serve time	12837 ns
transactional read: issue time	12479serve time	12837 ns
transactional read: issue time	12479serve time	12845 ns
transactional read: issue time	12479serve time	12845 ns
transactional read: issue time	11613serve time	12845 ns
transactional read: issue time	11613serve time	12845 ns
critical read: issue time	11613serve time	12853 ns
transactional read: issue time	11613serve time	12853 ns
transactional read: issue time	11633serve time	12853 ns
transactional read: issue time	11633serve time	12853 ns
critical read: issue time	11633serve time	12861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11633serve time	12861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11653serve time	12861 ns
transactional read: issue time	11653serve time	12861 ns
critical read: issue time	11653serve time	12869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11653serve time	12869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11673serve time	12869 ns
transactional read: issue time	11673serve time	12869 ns
critical read: issue time	11673serve time	12877 ns
transactional read: issue time	11673serve time	12877 ns
critical read: issue time	12499serve time	12877 ns
transactional read: issue time	12499serve time	12877 ns
transactional read: issue time	12499serve time	12885 ns
transactional read: issue time	12499serve time	12885 ns
critical read: issue time	11713serve time	12885 ns
transactional read: issue time	11713serve time	12885 ns
transactional read: issue time	11713serve time	12893 ns
transactional read: issue time	11713serve time	12893 ns
transactional read: issue time	11753serve time	12893 ns
transactional read: issue time	11753serve time	12893 ns
critical read: issue time	11753serve time	12901 ns
transactional read: issue time	11753serve time	12901 ns
transactional read: issue time	11773serve time	12901 ns
transactional read: issue time	11773serve time	12901 ns
critical read: issue time	11773serve time	12909 ns
transactional read: issue time	11773serve time	12909 ns
toll write: issue time	11394serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	11394serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	11394serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	11394serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	12241serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	12241serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	12241serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	12241serve time	12919 ns
toll write: issue time	9612serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	9612serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	9612serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	9612serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	11255serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	11255serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	11255serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	11255serve time	12927 ns
toll write: issue time	11492serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11492serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11492serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11492serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11265serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11265serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11265serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11265serve time	12935 ns
toll write: issue time	11520serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	11520serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	11520serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	11520serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	12358serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	12358serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	12358serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	12358serve time	12943 ns
toll write: issue time	11588serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	11588serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	11588serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	11588serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	12434serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	12434serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	12434serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	12434serve time	12951 ns
toll write: issue time	11604serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	11604serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	11604serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	11604serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	12439serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	12439serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	12439serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	12439serve time	12959 ns
toll write: issue time	9788serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	9788serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	9788serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	9788serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	11504serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	11504serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	11504serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	11504serve time	12967 ns
toll write: issue time	9876serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	9876serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	9876serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	9876serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	12530serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	12530serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	12530serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	12530serve time	12975 ns
toll write: issue time	9944serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	9944serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	9944serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	9944serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	11823serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	11823serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	11823serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	11823serve time	12983 ns
toll write: issue time	11711serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	11711serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	11711serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	11711serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	12605serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	12605serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	12605serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	12605serve time	12991 ns
toll write: issue time	10062serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	10062serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	10062serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	10062serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	12622serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	12622serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	12622serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	12622serve time	12999 ns
toll write: issue time	10097serve time	13007 ns
toll write: issue time	10097serve time	13007 ns
toll write: issue time	10097serve time	13007 ns
toll write: issue time	10097serve time	13007 ns
toll write: issue time	12794serve time	13007 ns
toll write: issue time	12794serve time	13007 ns
toll write: issue time	12794serve time	13007 ns
toll write: issue time	12794serve time	13007 ns
transactional read: issue time	11793serve time	13015 ns
transactional read: issue time	11793serve time	13015 ns
transactional read: issue time	11793serve time	13015 ns
critical read: issue time	11793serve time	13015 ns
critical read: issue time	12573serve time	13015 ns
transactional read: issue time	12573serve time	13015 ns
transactional read: issue time	12573serve time	13015 ns
transactional read: issue time	12573serve time	13015 ns
critical read: issue time	12521serve time	13023 ns
transactional read: issue time	12521serve time	13023 ns
transactional read: issue time	12521serve time	13023 ns
transactional read: issue time	12521serve time	13023 ns
critical read: issue time	12541serve time	13023 ns
transactional read: issue time	12541serve time	13023 ns
transactional read: issue time	12541serve time	13023 ns
transactional read: issue time	12541serve time	13023 ns
critical read: issue time	12523serve time	13031 ns
transactional read: issue time	12523serve time	13031 ns
transactional read: issue time	12523serve time	13031 ns
transactional read: issue time	12523serve time	13031 ns
critical read: issue time	11835serve time	13031 ns
transactional read: issue time	11835serve time	13031 ns
transactional read: issue time	11835serve time	13031 ns
transactional read: issue time	11835serve time	13031 ns
critical read: issue time	12543serve time	13039 ns
transactional read: issue time	12543serve time	13039 ns
transactional read: issue time	12543serve time	13039 ns
transactional read: issue time	12543serve time	13039 ns
critical read: issue time	11857serve time	13039 ns
transactional read: issue time	11857serve time	13039 ns
transactional read: issue time	11857serve time	13039 ns
transactional read: issue time	11857serve time	13039 ns
critical read: issue time	12561serve time	13047 ns
transactional read: issue time	12561serve time	13047 ns
transactional read: issue time	12561serve time	13047 ns
transactional read: issue time	12561serve time	13047 ns
critical read: issue time	12617serve time	13047 ns
transactional read: issue time	12617serve time	13047 ns
transactional read: issue time	12617serve time	13047 ns
transactional read: issue time	12617serve time	13047 ns
transactional read: issue time	12581serve time	13055 ns
transactional read: issue time	12581serve time	13055 ns
transactional read: issue time	12581serve time	13055 ns
critical read: issue time	12581serve time	13055 ns
critical read: issue time	12637serve time	13055 ns
transactional read: issue time	12637serve time	13055 ns
transactional read: issue time	12637serve time	13055 ns
transactional read: issue time	12637serve time	13055 ns
critical read: issue time	11815serve time	13063 ns
transactional read: issue time	11815serve time	13063 ns
transactional read: issue time	11815serve time	13063 ns
transactional read: issue time	11815serve time	13063 ns
critical read: issue time	12689serve time	13063 ns
transactional read: issue time	12689serve time	13063 ns
transactional read: issue time	12689serve time	13063 ns
transactional read: issue time	12689serve time	13063 ns
critical read: issue time	12595serve time	13071 ns
transactional read: issue time	12595serve time	13071 ns
transactional read: issue time	12595serve time	13071 ns
transactional read: issue time	12595serve time	13071 ns
transactional read: issue time	12793serve time	13071 ns
transactional read: issue time	12793serve time	13071 ns
critical read: issue time	12793serve time	13071 ns
transactional read: issue time	12793serve time	13071 ns
critical read: issue time	12667serve time	13079 ns
transactional read: issue time	12667serve time	13079 ns
transactional read: issue time	12667serve time	13079 ns
transactional read: issue time	12667serve time	13079 ns
transactional read: issue time	12801serve time	13079 ns
transactional read: issue time	12801serve time	13079 ns
transactional read: issue time	12801serve time	13079 ns
critical read: issue time	12801serve time	13079 ns
critical read: issue time	12709serve time	13087 ns
transactional read: issue time	12709serve time	13087 ns
transactional read: issue time	12709serve time	13087 ns
transactional read: issue time	12709serve time	13087 ns
transactional read: issue time	12818serve time	13087 ns
transactional read: issue time	12818serve time	13087 ns
transactional read: issue time	12818serve time	13087 ns
transactional read: issue time	12818serve time	13087 ns
critical read: issue time	12729serve time	13095 ns
transactional read: issue time	12729serve time	13095 ns
transactional read: issue time	12729serve time	13095 ns
transactional read: issue time	12729serve time	13095 ns
critical read: issue time	12822serve time	13095 ns
transactional read: issue time	12822serve time	13095 ns
transactional read: issue time	12822serve time	13095 ns
transactional read: issue time	12822serve time	13095 ns
transactional read: issue time	12751serve time	13103 ns
critical read: issue time	12751serve time	13103 ns
transactional read: issue time	12751serve time	13103 ns
transactional read: issue time	12751serve time	13103 ns
transactional read: issue time	12847serve time	13103 ns
transactional read: issue time	12847serve time	13103 ns
transactional read: issue time	12847serve time	13103 ns
critical read: issue time	12847serve time	13103 ns
critical read: issue time	12781serve time	13111 ns
transactional read: issue time	12781serve time	13111 ns
transactional read: issue time	12781serve time	13111 ns
transactional read: issue time	12781serve time	13111 ns
critical read: issue time	12877serve time	13111 ns
transactional read: issue time	12877serve time	13111 ns
transactional read: issue time	12877serve time	13111 ns
transactional read: issue time	12877serve time	13111 ns
transactional read: issue time	12793serve time	13119 ns
transactional read: issue time	12793serve time	13119 ns
transactional read: issue time	12793serve time	13119 ns
transactional read: issue time	12793serve time	13119 ns
transactional read: issue time	12884serve time	13119 ns
transactional read: issue time	12884serve time	13119 ns
critical read: issue time	12884serve time	13119 ns
transactional read: issue time	12884serve time	13119 ns
critical read: issue time	12818serve time	13127 ns
transactional read: issue time	12818serve time	13127 ns
transactional read: issue time	12818serve time	13127 ns
transactional read: issue time	12818serve time	13127 ns
transactional read: issue time	12899serve time	13127 ns
transactional read: issue time	12899serve time	13127 ns
critical read: issue time	12899serve time	13127 ns
transactional read: issue time	12899serve time	13127 ns
transactional read: issue time	12884serve time	13135 ns
transactional read: issue time	12884serve time	13135 ns
transactional read: issue time	12884serve time	13135 ns
transactional read: issue time	12884serve time	13135 ns
transactional read: issue time	12910serve time	13135 ns
transactional read: issue time	12910serve time	13135 ns
transactional read: issue time	12910serve time	13135 ns
transactional read: issue time	12910serve time	13135 ns
critical read: issue time	12910serve time	13143 ns
transactional read: issue time	12910serve time	13143 ns
transactional read: issue time	12910serve time	13143 ns
transactional read: issue time	12910serve time	13143 ns
transactional read: issue time	12939serve time	13143 ns
transactional read: issue time	12939serve time	13143 ns
critical read: issue time	12939serve time	13143 ns
transactional read: issue time	12939serve time	13143 ns
critical read: issue time	12919serve time	13151 ns
transactional read: issue time	12919serve time	13151 ns
transactional read: issue time	12919serve time	13151 ns
transactional read: issue time	12919serve time	13151 ns
transactional read: issue time	12959serve time	13151 ns
critical read: issue time	12959serve time	13151 ns
transactional read: issue time	12959serve time	13151 ns
transactional read: issue time	12959serve time	13151 ns
critical read: issue time	12979serve time	13159 ns
transactional read: issue time	12979serve time	13159 ns
transactional read: issue time	12979serve time	13159 ns
transactional read: issue time	12979serve time	13159 ns
critical read: issue time	12621serve time	13159 ns
transactional read: issue time	12621serve time	13159 ns
transactional read: issue time	12621serve time	13159 ns
transactional read: issue time	12621serve time	13159 ns
critical read: issue time	12601serve time	13167 ns
transactional read: issue time	12601serve time	13167 ns
transactional read: issue time	12601serve time	13167 ns
transactional read: issue time	12601serve time	13167 ns
critical read: issue time	12661serve time	13167 ns
transactional read: issue time	12661serve time	13167 ns
transactional read: issue time	12661serve time	13167 ns
transactional read: issue time	12661serve time	13167 ns
critical read: issue time	13001serve time	13175 ns
transactional read: issue time	13001serve time	13175 ns
transactional read: issue time	13001serve time	13175 ns
transactional read: issue time	13001serve time	13175 ns
critical read: issue time	12681serve time	13175 ns
transactional read: issue time	12681serve time	13175 ns
transactional read: issue time	12681serve time	13175 ns
transactional read: issue time	12681serve time	13175 ns
transactional read: issue time	12641serve time	13183 ns
transactional read: issue time	12641serve time	13183 ns
transactional read: issue time	12641serve time	13183 ns
critical read: issue time	12641serve time	13183 ns
critical read: issue time	13021serve time	13183 ns
transactional read: issue time	13021serve time	13183 ns
transactional read: issue time	13021serve time	13183 ns
transactional read: issue time	13021serve time	13183 ns
critical read: issue time	12714serve time	13191 ns
transactional read: issue time	12714serve time	13191 ns
transactional read: issue time	12714serve time	13191 ns
transactional read: issue time	12714serve time	13191 ns
toll write: issue time	10107serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	10107serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	10107serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	10107serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	12806serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	12806serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	12806serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	12806serve time	13203 ns
toll write: issue time	10188serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	10188serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	10188serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	10188serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	13211 ns
toll write: issue time	10513serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	10513serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	10513serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	10513serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	13219 ns
toll write: issue time	10628serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	10628serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	10628serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	10628serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	12918serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	12918serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	12918serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	12918serve time	13227 ns
toll write: issue time	10638serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	10638serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	10638serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	10638serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	13006serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	13006serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	13006serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	13006serve time	13235 ns
toll write: issue time	10754serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	10754serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	10754serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	10754serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	12678serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	12678serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	12678serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	12678serve time	13243 ns
toll write: issue time	12074serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12074serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12074serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12074serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12772serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12772serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12772serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12772serve time	13251 ns
toll write: issue time	12103serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	12103serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	12103serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	12103serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	12811serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	12811serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	12811serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	12811serve time	13259 ns
toll write: issue time	10764serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	10764serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	10764serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	10764serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	13073serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	13073serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	13073serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	13073serve time	13267 ns
toll write: issue time	12128serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	12128serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	12128serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	12128serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	13172serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	13172serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	13172serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	13172serve time	13275 ns
toll write: issue time	10790serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	10790serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	10790serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	10790serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	12960serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	12960serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	12960serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	12960serve time	13283 ns
toll write: issue time	10836serve time	13291 ns
toll write: issue time	10836serve time	13291 ns
toll write: issue time	10836serve time	13291 ns
toll write: issue time	10836serve time	13291 ns
toll write: issue time	13250serve time	13291 ns
toll write: issue time	13250serve time	13291 ns
toll write: issue time	13250serve time	13291 ns
toll write: issue time	13250serve time	13291 ns
critical read: issue time	12735serve time	13299 ns
transactional read: issue time	12735serve time	13299 ns
transactional read: issue time	12735serve time	13299 ns
transactional read: issue time	12735serve time	13299 ns
critical read: issue time	12777serve time	13299 ns
transactional read: issue time	12777serve time	13299 ns
transactional read: issue time	12777serve time	13299 ns
transactional read: issue time	12777serve time	13299 ns
critical read: issue time	12757serve time	13307 ns
transactional read: issue time	12757serve time	13307 ns
transactional read: issue time	12757serve time	13307 ns
transactional read: issue time	12757serve time	13307 ns
critical read: issue time	12811serve time	13307 ns
transactional read: issue time	12811serve time	13307 ns
transactional read: issue time	12811serve time	13307 ns
transactional read: issue time	12811serve time	13307 ns
transactional read: issue time	13043serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	13043serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	13043serve time	13315 ns
critical read: issue time	13043serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	12831serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	12831serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	12831serve time	13315 ns
critical read: issue time	12831serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	12871serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	12871serve time	13315 ns
critical read: issue time	12871serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	12891serve time	13315 ns
transactional read: issue time	12891serve time	13315 ns
critical read: issue time	12851serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12851serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12851serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12851serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12871serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12915serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12915serve time	13323 ns
critical read: issue time	12915serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12891serve time	13323 ns
transactional read: issue time	12938serve time	13323 ns
critical read: issue time	12938serve time	13323 ns
critical read: issue time	13127serve time	13331 ns
transactional read: issue time	13127serve time	13331 ns
transactional read: issue time	13127serve time	13331 ns
transactional read: issue time	13127serve time	13331 ns
critical read: issue time	12891serve time	13331 ns
transactional read: issue time	12938serve time	13331 ns
transactional read: issue time	13067serve time	13331 ns
critical read: issue time	13067serve time	13331 ns
critical read: issue time	13147serve time	13339 ns
transactional read: issue time	13147serve time	13339 ns
transactional read: issue time	13147serve time	13339 ns
transactional read: issue time	13147serve time	13339 ns
transactional read: issue time	12915serve time	13339 ns
transactional read: issue time	13067serve time	13339 ns
transactional read: issue time	13087serve time	13339 ns
transactional read: issue time	13087serve time	13339 ns
critical read: issue time	13150serve time	13347 ns
transactional read: issue time	13150serve time	13347 ns
transactional read: issue time	13150serve time	13347 ns
transactional read: issue time	13150serve time	13347 ns
transactional read: issue time	12938serve time	13347 ns
transactional read: issue time	13087serve time	13347 ns
transactional read: issue time	13107serve time	13347 ns
transactional read: issue time	13107serve time	13347 ns
critical read: issue time	13167serve time	13355 ns
transactional read: issue time	13167serve time	13355 ns
transactional read: issue time	13167serve time	13355 ns
transactional read: issue time	13167serve time	13355 ns
transactional read: issue time	13067serve time	13355 ns
transactional read: issue time	13107serve time	13355 ns
transactional read: issue time	13150serve time	13355 ns
transactional read: issue time	13150serve time	13355 ns
critical read: issue time	13209serve time	13363 ns
transactional read: issue time	13209serve time	13363 ns
transactional read: issue time	13209serve time	13363 ns
transactional read: issue time	13209serve time	13363 ns
critical read: issue time	13087serve time	13363 ns
transactional read: issue time	13150serve time	13363 ns
transactional read: issue time	13189serve time	13363 ns
transactional read: issue time	13189serve time	13363 ns
transactional read: issue time	13229serve time	13371 ns
transactional read: issue time	13229serve time	13371 ns
transactional read: issue time	13229serve time	13371 ns
critical read: issue time	13229serve time	13371 ns
critical read: issue time	13107serve time	13371 ns
transactional read: issue time	13189serve time	13371 ns
transactional read: issue time	13251serve time	13371 ns
transactional read: issue time	13251serve time	13371 ns
transactional read: issue time	12961serve time	13379 ns
transactional read: issue time	12961serve time	13379 ns
critical read: issue time	12961serve time	13379 ns
transactional read: issue time	12961serve time	13379 ns
transactional read: issue time	13150serve time	13379 ns
transactional read: issue time	13251serve time	13379 ns
transactional read: issue time	12981serve time	13379 ns
transactional read: issue time	12981serve time	13379 ns
critical read: issue time	13021serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13021serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13021serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13021serve time	13387 ns
critical read: issue time	13189serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	12981serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13001serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13001serve time	13387 ns
critical read: issue time	13001serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13001serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13041serve time	13387 ns
transactional read: issue time	13041serve time	13387 ns
critical read: issue time	13041serve time	13387 ns
critical read: issue time	13061serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13061serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13061serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13061serve time	13395 ns
critical read: issue time	13251serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13083serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13041serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13083serve time	13395 ns
critical read: issue time	13083serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13083serve time	13395 ns
critical read: issue time	13145serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13145serve time	13395 ns
transactional read: issue time	13271serve time	13395 ns
critical read: issue time	13103serve time	13403 ns
transactional read: issue time	13103serve time	13403 ns
transactional read: issue time	13103serve time	13403 ns
transactional read: issue time	13103serve time	13403 ns
critical read: issue time	12981serve time	13403 ns
critical read: issue time	13271serve time	13403 ns
transactional read: issue time	13271serve time	13403 ns
critical read: issue time	13165serve time	13403 ns
transactional read: issue time	13165serve time	13403 ns
transactional read: issue time	13145serve time	13403 ns
transactional read: issue time	13145serve time	13403 ns
critical read: issue time	13123serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13123serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13123serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13123serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13271serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13165serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13165serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13185serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13185serve time	13411 ns
critical read: issue time	13185serve time	13411 ns
transactional read: issue time	13207serve time	13411 ns
critical read: issue time	13291serve time	13419 ns
transactional read: issue time	13291serve time	13419 ns
transactional read: issue time	13291serve time	13419 ns
transactional read: issue time	13291serve time	13419 ns
transactional read: issue time	13207serve time	13419 ns
transactional read: issue time	13185serve time	13419 ns
transactional read: issue time	13207serve time	13419 ns
transactional read: issue time	13227serve time	13419 ns
critical read: issue time	13247serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13247serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13247serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13247serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13287serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13287serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13287serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13227serve time	13427 ns
critical read: issue time	13207serve time	13427 ns
critical read: issue time	13227serve time	13427 ns
transactional read: issue time	13267serve time	13427 ns
critical read: issue time	13287serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13313serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13313serve time	13435 ns
critical read: issue time	13313serve time	13435 ns
critical read: issue time	13267serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13227serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13267serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13311serve time	13435 ns
critical read: issue time	13311serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13311serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13311serve time	13435 ns
transactional read: issue time	13313serve time	13443 ns
transactional read: issue time	13267serve time	13443 ns
toll write: issue time	10890serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	10890serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	10890serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	10890serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	12980serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	12980serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	12980serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	12980serve time	13459 ns
toll write: issue time	12174serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	12174serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	12174serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	12174serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	13164serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	13164serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	13164serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	13164serve time	13467 ns
toll write: issue time	11055serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	11055serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	11055serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	11055serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	13181serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	13181serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	13181serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	13181serve time	13475 ns
toll write: issue time	11084serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	11084serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	11084serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	11084serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	13191serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	13191serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	13191serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	13191serve time	13483 ns
toll write: issue time	12299serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	12299serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	12299serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	12299serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	13252serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	13252serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	13252serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	13252serve time	13491 ns
toll write: issue time	12319serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	12319serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	12319serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	12319serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	13302serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	13302serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	13302serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	13302serve time	13499 ns
toll write: issue time	11327serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	11327serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	11327serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	11327serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	11867serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	11867serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	11867serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	11867serve time	13507 ns
toll write: issue time	12385serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	12385serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	12385serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	12385serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	13332serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	13332serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	13332serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	13332serve time	13515 ns
toll write: issue time	11423serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	11423serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	11423serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	11423serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	11976serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	11976serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	11976serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	11976serve time	13523 ns
toll write: issue time	12418serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	12418serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	12418serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	12418serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	13433serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	13433serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	13433serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	13433serve time	13531 ns
toll write: issue time	12428serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	12428serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	12428serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	12428serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	13357serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	13357serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	13357serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	13357serve time	13539 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	13547 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	13547 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	13547 ns
toll write: issue time	11608serve time	13547 ns
toll write: issue time	13432serve time	13547 ns
toll write: issue time	13432serve time	13547 ns
toll write: issue time	13432serve time	13547 ns
toll write: issue time	13432serve time	13547 ns
critical read: issue time	11937serve time	13555 ns
transactional read: issue time	11937serve time	13555 ns
transactional read: issue time	11937serve time	13555 ns
transactional read: issue time	11937serve time	13555 ns
critical read: issue time	11877serve time	13555 ns
transactional read: issue time	11877serve time	13555 ns
transactional read: issue time	11877serve time	13555 ns
transactional read: issue time	11877serve time	13555 ns
transactional read: issue time	11957serve time	13563 ns
transactional read: issue time	11957serve time	13563 ns
transactional read: issue time	11957serve time	13563 ns
critical read: issue time	11957serve time	13563 ns
critical read: issue time	11897serve time	13563 ns
transactional read: issue time	11897serve time	13563 ns
transactional read: issue time	11897serve time	13563 ns
transactional read: issue time	11897serve time	13563 ns
critical read: issue time	13331serve time	13571 ns
transactional read: issue time	13331serve time	13571 ns
transactional read: issue time	13331serve time	13571 ns
transactional read: issue time	13331serve time	13571 ns
transactional read: issue time	11917serve time	13571 ns
critical read: issue time	11917serve time	13571 ns
transactional read: issue time	11917serve time	13571 ns
transactional read: issue time	11917serve time	13571 ns
critical read: issue time	11977serve time	13579 ns
transactional read: issue time	11977serve time	13579 ns
transactional read: issue time	11977serve time	13579 ns
transactional read: issue time	11977serve time	13579 ns
transactional read: issue time	13333serve time	13579 ns
critical read: issue time	13333serve time	13579 ns
transactional read: issue time	13333serve time	13579 ns
transactional read: issue time	13333serve time	13579 ns
critical read: issue time	13353serve time	13587 ns
transactional read: issue time	13353serve time	13587 ns
transactional read: issue time	13353serve time	13587 ns
transactional read: issue time	13353serve time	13587 ns
transactional read: issue time	11997serve time	13587 ns
transactional read: issue time	11997serve time	13587 ns
critical read: issue time	11997serve time	13587 ns
transactional read: issue time	11997serve time	13587 ns
transactional read: issue time	13373serve time	13595 ns
transactional read: issue time	13373serve time	13595 ns
critical read: issue time	13373serve time	13595 ns
transactional read: issue time	13373serve time	13595 ns
critical read: issue time	12017serve time	13595 ns
transactional read: issue time	12017serve time	13595 ns
transactional read: issue time	12017serve time	13595 ns
transactional read: issue time	12017serve time	13595 ns
transactional read: issue time	13413serve time	13603 ns
critical read: issue time	13413serve time	13603 ns
transactional read: issue time	13413serve time	13603 ns
transactional read: issue time	13413serve time	13603 ns
critical read: issue time	13393serve time	13603 ns
transactional read: issue time	13393serve time	13603 ns
transactional read: issue time	13393serve time	13603 ns
transactional read: issue time	13393serve time	13603 ns
critical read: issue time	13461serve time	13611 ns
transactional read: issue time	13461serve time	13611 ns
transactional read: issue time	13461serve time	13611 ns
transactional read: issue time	13461serve time	13611 ns
transactional read: issue time	13433serve time	13611 ns
transactional read: issue time	13433serve time	13611 ns
critical read: issue time	13433serve time	13611 ns
transactional read: issue time	13433serve time	13611 ns
critical read: issue time	13478serve time	13619 ns
transactional read: issue time	13478serve time	13619 ns
transactional read: issue time	13478serve time	13619 ns
transactional read: issue time	13478serve time	13619 ns
critical read: issue time	13453serve time	13619 ns
transactional read: issue time	13453serve time	13619 ns
transactional read: issue time	13453serve time	13619 ns
transactional read: issue time	13453serve time	13619 ns
transactional read: issue time	13490serve time	13627 ns
transactional read: issue time	13490serve time	13627 ns
critical read: issue time	13490serve time	13627 ns
transactional read: issue time	13490serve time	13627 ns
transactional read: issue time	13461serve time	13627 ns
transactional read: issue time	13461serve time	13627 ns
transactional read: issue time	13461serve time	13627 ns
transactional read: issue time	13461serve time	13627 ns
critical read: issue time	13377serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13377serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13377serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13377serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13397serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13397serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13397serve time	13635 ns
critical read: issue time	13357serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13357serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13357serve time	13635 ns
transactional read: issue time	13357serve time	13635 ns
critical read: issue time	13397serve time	13643 ns
transactional read: issue time	13501serve time	13643 ns
transactional read: issue time	13501serve time	13643 ns
transactional read: issue time	13501serve time	13643 ns
transactional read: issue time	13490serve time	13643 ns
transactional read: issue time	13490serve time	13643 ns
transactional read: issue time	13490serve time	13643 ns
transactional read: issue time	13490serve time	13643 ns
critical read: issue time	13501serve time	13651 ns
transactional read: issue time	12037serve time	13651 ns
critical read: issue time	12037serve time	13651 ns
transactional read: issue time	12037serve time	13651 ns
critical read: issue time	13417serve time	13651 ns
transactional read: issue time	13417serve time	13651 ns
transactional read: issue time	13417serve time	13651 ns
transactional read: issue time	13417serve time	13651 ns
transactional read: issue time	12037serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13529serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13529serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13529serve time	13659 ns
critical read: issue time	13437serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13437serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13437serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13437serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13457serve time	13659 ns
critical read: issue time	13457serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13457serve time	13659 ns
transactional read: issue time	13481serve time	13659 ns
critical read: issue time	13481serve time	13659 ns
critical read: issue time	13529serve time	13667 ns
transactional read: issue time	12099serve time	13667 ns
transactional read: issue time	12099serve time	13667 ns
transactional read: issue time	12099serve time	13667 ns
transactional read: issue time	13457serve time	13667 ns
transactional read: issue time	13481serve time	13667 ns
transactional read: issue time	13521serve time	13667 ns
transactional read: issue time	13521serve time	13667 ns
critical read: issue time	12099serve time	13675 ns
transactional read: issue time	12141serve time	13675 ns
transactional read: issue time	12141serve time	13675 ns
transactional read: issue time	12141serve time	13675 ns
transactional read: issue time	13481serve time	13675 ns
transactional read: issue time	13521serve time	13675 ns
transactional read: issue time	12059serve time	13675 ns
transactional read: issue time	12059serve time	13675 ns
critical read: issue time	12141serve time	13683 ns
transactional read: issue time	13541serve time	13683 ns
transactional read: issue time	13541serve time	13683 ns
transactional read: issue time	13541serve time	13683 ns
critical read: issue time	13521serve time	13683 ns
transactional read: issue time	12059serve time	13683 ns
transactional read: issue time	12079serve time	13683 ns
transactional read: issue time	12079serve time	13683 ns
critical read: issue time	13541serve time	13691 ns
transactional read: issue time	12161serve time	13691 ns
transactional read: issue time	12161serve time	13691 ns
transactional read: issue time	12161serve time	13691 ns
critical read: issue time	12059serve time	13691 ns
transactional read: issue time	12079serve time	13691 ns
transactional read: issue time	12119serve time	13691 ns
critical read: issue time	12119serve time	13691 ns
critical read: issue time	12161serve time	13699 ns
transactional read: issue time	12201serve time	13699 ns
transactional read: issue time	12201serve time	13699 ns
transactional read: issue time	12201serve time	13699 ns
critical read: issue time	12079serve time	13699 ns
transactional read: issue time	12119serve time	13699 ns
transactional read: issue time	12181serve time	13699 ns
transactional read: issue time	12181serve time	13699 ns
critical read: issue time	12201serve time	13707 ns
transactional read: issue time	12119serve time	13707 ns
transactional read: issue time	12181serve time	13707 ns
critical read: issue time	12181serve time	13715 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	11618serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	13442serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	13442serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	13442serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	13442serve time	13723 ns
toll write: issue time	11628serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	11628serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	11628serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	11628serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	13481serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	13481serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	13481serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	13481serve time	13731 ns
toll write: issue time	11693serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	11693serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	11693serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	11693serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	12058serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	12058serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	12058serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	12058serve time	13739 ns
toll write: issue time	11773serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	11773serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	11773serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	11773serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	12104serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	12104serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	12104serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	12104serve time	13747 ns
toll write: issue time	11813serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	11813serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	11813serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	11813serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	12340serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	12340serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	12340serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	12340serve time	13755 ns
toll write: issue time	12570serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12570serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12570serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12570serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12391serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12391serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12391serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12391serve time	13763 ns
toll write: issue time	12595serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	12595serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	12595serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	12595serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	13615serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	13615serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	13615serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	13615serve time	13771 ns
toll write: issue time	12692serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	12692serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	12692serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	12692serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	13625serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	13625serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	13625serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	13625serve time	13779 ns
toll write: issue time	12781serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	12781serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	12781serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	12781serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	13736serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	13736serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	13736serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	13736serve time	13787 ns
toll write: issue time	12904serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	12904serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	12904serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	12904serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	13606serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	13606serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	13606serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	13606serve time	13795 ns
toll write: issue time	12969serve time	13803 ns
toll write: issue time	12969serve time	13803 ns
toll write: issue time	12969serve time	13803 ns
toll write: issue time	12969serve time	13803 ns
toll write: issue time	13687serve time	13803 ns
toll write: issue time	13687serve time	13803 ns
toll write: issue time	13687serve time	13803 ns
toll write: issue time	13687serve time	13803 ns
transactional read: issue time	13555serve time	13811 ns
transactional read: issue time	13555serve time	13811 ns
transactional read: issue time	13555serve time	13811 ns
critical read: issue time	13555serve time	13811 ns
critical read: issue time	12221serve time	13811 ns
transactional read: issue time	12221serve time	13811 ns
transactional read: issue time	12221serve time	13811 ns
transactional read: issue time	12221serve time	13811 ns
transactional read: issue time	12241serve time	13819 ns
critical read: issue time	12241serve time	13819 ns
transactional read: issue time	12241serve time	13819 ns
transactional read: issue time	12241serve time	13819 ns
critical read: issue time	13561serve time	13819 ns
transactional read: issue time	13561serve time	13819 ns
transactional read: issue time	13561serve time	13819 ns
transactional read: issue time	13561serve time	13819 ns
transactional read: issue time	12321serve time	13819 ns
critical read: issue time	12321serve time	13819 ns
transactional read: issue time	12321serve time	13819 ns
critical read: issue time	12261serve time	13827 ns
transactional read: issue time	12261serve time	13827 ns
transactional read: issue time	12261serve time	13827 ns
transactional read: issue time	12261serve time	13827 ns
transactional read: issue time	12321serve time	13827 ns
transactional read: issue time	12341serve time	13827 ns
transactional read: issue time	12341serve time	13827 ns
transactional read: issue time	12341serve time	13827 ns
critical read: issue time	12281serve time	13835 ns
transactional read: issue time	12281serve time	13835 ns
transactional read: issue time	12281serve time	13835 ns
transactional read: issue time	12281serve time	13835 ns
critical read: issue time	12341serve time	13835 ns
transactional read: issue time	13575serve time	13835 ns
transactional read: issue time	13575serve time	13835 ns
transactional read: issue time	13575serve time	13835 ns
critical read: issue time	12301serve time	13843 ns
transactional read: issue time	12301serve time	13843 ns
transactional read: issue time	12301serve time	13843 ns
transactional read: issue time	12301serve time	13843 ns
critical read: issue time	13575serve time	13843 ns
transactional read: issue time	12361serve time	13843 ns
transactional read: issue time	12361serve time	13843 ns
transactional read: issue time	12361serve time	13843 ns
critical read: issue time	13581serve time	13851 ns
transactional read: issue time	13581serve time	13851 ns
transactional read: issue time	13581serve time	13851 ns
transactional read: issue time	13581serve time	13851 ns
critical read: issue time	12361serve time	13851 ns
transactional read: issue time	12383serve time	13851 ns
transactional read: issue time	12383serve time	13851 ns
transactional read: issue time	12383serve time	13851 ns
critical read: issue time	13637serve time	13859 ns
transactional read: issue time	13637serve time	13859 ns
transactional read: issue time	13637serve time	13859 ns
transactional read: issue time	13637serve time	13859 ns
critical read: issue time	12383serve time	13859 ns
transactional read: issue time	13595serve time	13859 ns
transactional read: issue time	13595serve time	13859 ns
transactional read: issue time	13595serve time	13859 ns
critical read: issue time	13660serve time	13867 ns
transactional read: issue time	13660serve time	13867 ns
transactional read: issue time	13660serve time	13867 ns
transactional read: issue time	13660serve time	13867 ns
critical read: issue time	13595serve time	13867 ns
transactional read: issue time	13615serve time	13867 ns
transactional read: issue time	13615serve time	13867 ns
transactional read: issue time	13615serve time	13867 ns
critical read: issue time	13681serve time	13875 ns
transactional read: issue time	13681serve time	13875 ns
transactional read: issue time	13681serve time	13875 ns
transactional read: issue time	13681serve time	13875 ns
critical read: issue time	13615serve time	13875 ns
transactional read: issue time	13635serve time	13875 ns
transactional read: issue time	13635serve time	13875 ns
transactional read: issue time	13635serve time	13875 ns
critical read: issue time	13711serve time	13883 ns
transactional read: issue time	13711serve time	13883 ns
transactional read: issue time	13711serve time	13883 ns
transactional read: issue time	13711serve time	13883 ns
critical read: issue time	13635serve time	13883 ns
transactional read: issue time	13637serve time	13883 ns
transactional read: issue time	13637serve time	13883 ns
transactional read: issue time	13637serve time	13883 ns
critical read: issue time	13601serve time	13891 ns
transactional read: issue time	13601serve time	13891 ns
transactional read: issue time	13601serve time	13891 ns
transactional read: issue time	13601serve time	13891 ns
transactional read: issue time	13637serve time	13891 ns
transactional read: issue time	13731serve time	13891 ns
transactional read: issue time	13731serve time	13891 ns
transactional read: issue time	13731serve time	13891 ns
critical read: issue time	13641serve time	13899 ns
transactional read: issue time	13641serve time	13899 ns
transactional read: issue time	13641serve time	13899 ns
transactional read: issue time	13641serve time	13899 ns
critical read: issue time	13731serve time	13899 ns
transactional read: issue time	13751serve time	13899 ns
transactional read: issue time	13751serve time	13899 ns
transactional read: issue time	13751serve time	13899 ns
critical read: issue time	13661serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13661serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13661serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13661serve time	13907 ns
critical read: issue time	13773serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13773serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13773serve time	13907 ns
critical read: issue time	13751serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13621serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13621serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13621serve time	13907 ns
transactional read: issue time	13773serve time	13915 ns
transactional read: issue time	13793serve time	13915 ns
critical read: issue time	13793serve time	13915 ns
transactional read: issue time	13793serve time	13915 ns
critical read: issue time	13621serve time	13915 ns
transactional read: issue time	13683serve time	13915 ns
transactional read: issue time	13683serve time	13915 ns
transactional read: issue time	13683serve time	13915 ns
transactional read: issue time	13793serve time	13923 ns
transactional read: issue time	12423serve time	13923 ns
transactional read: issue time	12423serve time	13923 ns
transactional read: issue time	12423serve time	13923 ns
critical read: issue time	13683serve time	13923 ns
transactional read: issue time	13703serve time	13923 ns
transactional read: issue time	13703serve time	13923 ns
transactional read: issue time	13703serve time	13923 ns
critical read: issue time	12423serve time	13931 ns
transactional read: issue time	12463serve time	13931 ns
transactional read: issue time	12463serve time	13931 ns
transactional read: issue time	12463serve time	13931 ns
critical read: issue time	13703serve time	13931 ns
transactional read: issue time	13723serve time	13931 ns
transactional read: issue time	13723serve time	13931 ns
transactional read: issue time	13723serve time	13931 ns
critical read: issue time	13723serve time	13931 ns
transactional read: issue time	13746serve time	13931 ns
critical read: issue time	13746serve time	13931 ns
critical read: issue time	12463serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13807serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13807serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13807serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13746serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13746serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13767serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13767serve time	13939 ns
critical read: issue time	13767serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13767serve time	13939 ns
transactional read: issue time	13787serve time	13939 ns
critical read: issue time	13807serve time	13947 ns
critical read: issue time	12483serve time	13947 ns
transactional read: issue time	12483serve time	13947 ns
transactional read: issue time	12483serve time	13947 ns
critical read: issue time	13787serve time	13947 ns
transactional read: issue time	13787serve time	13947 ns
transactional read: issue time	13787serve time	13947 ns
transactional read: issue time	12403serve time	13947 ns
transactional read: issue time	12483serve time	13955 ns
transactional read: issue time	12525serve time	13955 ns
critical read: issue time	12525serve time	13955 ns
transactional read: issue time	12525serve time	13955 ns
critical read: issue time	12403serve time	13955 ns
transactional read: issue time	12403serve time	13955 ns
transactional read: issue time	12403serve time	13955 ns
transactional read: issue time	12443serve time	13955 ns
transactional read: issue time	12525serve time	13963 ns
transactional read: issue time	13827serve time	13963 ns
transactional read: issue time	13827serve time	13963 ns
transactional read: issue time	13827serve time	13963 ns
critical read: issue time	12443serve time	13963 ns
transactional read: issue time	12443serve time	13963 ns
transactional read: issue time	12443serve time	13963 ns
transactional read: issue time	13813serve time	13963 ns
critical read: issue time	13827serve time	13971 ns
transactional read: issue time	12585serve time	13971 ns
transactional read: issue time	12585serve time	13971 ns
transactional read: issue time	12585serve time	13971 ns
critical read: issue time	13813serve time	13971 ns
transactional read: issue time	13813serve time	13971 ns
transactional read: issue time	13813serve time	13971 ns
transactional read: issue time	12505serve time	13971 ns
critical read: issue time	12585serve time	13979 ns
transactional read: issue time	13835serve time	13979 ns
transactional read: issue time	13835serve time	13979 ns
transactional read: issue time	13835serve time	13979 ns
critical read: issue time	12505serve time	13979 ns
transactional read: issue time	12505serve time	13979 ns
transactional read: issue time	12505serve time	13979 ns
transactional read: issue time	12545serve time	13979 ns
critical read: issue time	13835serve time	13987 ns
critical read: issue time	12545serve time	13987 ns
transactional read: issue time	12545serve time	13987 ns
transactional read: issue time	12545serve time	13987 ns
transactional read: issue time	12565serve time	13987 ns
critical read: issue time	12565serve time	13995 ns
transactional read: issue time	12565serve time	13995 ns
transactional read: issue time	12565serve time	13995 ns
critical read: issue time	12605serve time	13995 ns
transactional read: issue time	12605serve time	14003 ns
transactional read: issue time	12605serve time	14003 ns
transactional read: issue time	12605serve time	14003 ns
toll write: issue time	12979serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	12979serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	12979serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	12979serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	13702serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	13702serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	13702serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	13702serve time	14017 ns
toll write: issue time	12600serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	12600serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	12600serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	12600serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	13746serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	13746serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	13746serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	13746serve time	14025 ns
toll write: issue time	12610serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	12610serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	12610serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	12610serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	13756serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	13756serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	13756serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	13756serve time	14033 ns
toll write: issue time	12714serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	12714serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	12714serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	12714serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	12401serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	12401serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	12401serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	12401serve time	14041 ns
toll write: issue time	13023serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	13023serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	13023serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	13023serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	13803serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	13803serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	13803serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	13803serve time	14049 ns
toll write: issue time	12724serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12724serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12724serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12724serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12590serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12590serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12590serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12590serve time	14057 ns
toll write: issue time	12942serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	12942serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	12942serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	12942serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	12660serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	12660serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	12660serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	12660serve time	14065 ns
toll write: issue time	13127serve time	14073 ns
toll write: issue time	13127serve time	14073 ns
toll write: issue time	13127serve time	14073 ns
toll write: issue time	13127serve time	14073 ns
toll write: issue time	13147serve time	14081 ns
toll write: issue time	13147serve time	14081 ns
toll write: issue time	13147serve time	14081 ns
toll write: issue time	13147serve time	14081 ns
toll write: issue time	13157serve time	14089 ns
toll write: issue time	13157serve time	14089 ns
toll write: issue time	13157serve time	14089 ns
toll write: issue time	13157serve time	14089 ns
toll write: issue time	13204serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	13204serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	13204serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	13204serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14097 ns
toll write: issue time	12970serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	12970serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	12970serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	12970serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	14047serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	14047serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	14047serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	14047serve time	14105 ns
toll write: issue time	13041serve time	14113 ns
toll write: issue time	13041serve time	14113 ns
toll write: issue time	13041serve time	14113 ns
toll write: issue time	13041serve time	14113 ns
toll write: issue time	13087serve time	14121 ns
toll write: issue time	13087serve time	14121 ns
toll write: issue time	13087serve time	14121 ns
toll write: issue time	13087serve time	14121 ns
toll write: issue time	13242serve time	14129 ns
toll write: issue time	13242serve time	14129 ns
toll write: issue time	13242serve time	14129 ns
toll write: issue time	13242serve time	14129 ns
critical read: issue time	12625serve time	14137 ns
transactional read: issue time	12625serve time	14137 ns
transactional read: issue time	12625serve time	14137 ns
transactional read: issue time	12625serve time	14137 ns
critical read: issue time	12665serve time	14137 ns
transactional read: issue time	12665serve time	14137 ns
transactional read: issue time	12665serve time	14137 ns
transactional read: issue time	12665serve time	14137 ns
critical read: issue time	13847serve time	14145 ns
transactional read: issue time	13847serve time	14145 ns
transactional read: issue time	13847serve time	14145 ns
transactional read: issue time	13847serve time	14145 ns
critical read: issue time	12705serve time	14145 ns
transactional read: issue time	12705serve time	14145 ns
transactional read: issue time	12705serve time	14145 ns
transactional read: issue time	12705serve time	14145 ns
critical read: issue time	12645serve time	14153 ns
transactional read: issue time	12645serve time	14153 ns
transactional read: issue time	12645serve time	14153 ns
transactional read: issue time	12645serve time	14153 ns
critical read: issue time	13879serve time	14153 ns
transactional read: issue time	13879serve time	14153 ns
transactional read: issue time	13879serve time	14153 ns
transactional read: issue time	13879serve time	14153 ns
critical read: issue time	13855serve time	14161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13855serve time	14161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13855serve time	14161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13855serve time	14161 ns
critical read: issue time	13959serve time	14161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13959serve time	14161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13959serve time	14161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13959serve time	14161 ns
critical read: issue time	12685serve time	14169 ns
transactional read: issue time	12685serve time	14169 ns
transactional read: issue time	12685serve time	14169 ns
transactional read: issue time	12685serve time	14169 ns
transactional read: issue time	14021serve time	14169 ns
critical read: issue time	14021serve time	14169 ns
transactional read: issue time	14021serve time	14169 ns
transactional read: issue time	14021serve time	14169 ns
transactional read: issue time	12725serve time	14177 ns
critical read: issue time	12725serve time	14177 ns
transactional read: issue time	12725serve time	14177 ns
transactional read: issue time	12725serve time	14177 ns
critical read: issue time	14041serve time	14177 ns
transactional read: issue time	14041serve time	14177 ns
transactional read: issue time	14041serve time	14177 ns
transactional read: issue time	14041serve time	14177 ns
critical read: issue time	12745serve time	14185 ns
transactional read: issue time	12745serve time	14185 ns
transactional read: issue time	12745serve time	14185 ns
transactional read: issue time	12745serve time	14185 ns
critical read: issue time	14063serve time	14185 ns
transactional read: issue time	14063serve time	14185 ns
transactional read: issue time	14063serve time	14185 ns
transactional read: issue time	14063serve time	14185 ns
critical read: issue time	12765serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	12765serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	12765serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	12765serve time	14193 ns
critical read: issue time	13891serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	13891serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	13891serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	13891serve time	14193 ns
critical read: issue time	13973serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	13973serve time	14193 ns
transactional read: issue time	13973serve time	14193 ns
critical read: issue time	13871serve time	14201 ns
transactional read: issue time	13871serve time	14201 ns
transactional read: issue time	13871serve time	14201 ns
transactional read: issue time	13871serve time	14201 ns
transactional read: issue time	13973serve time	14201 ns
transactional read: issue time	14015serve time	14201 ns
critical read: issue time	14015serve time	14201 ns
transactional read: issue time	14015serve time	14201 ns
transactional read: issue time	13899serve time	14209 ns
critical read: issue time	13899serve time	14209 ns
transactional read: issue time	13899serve time	14209 ns
transactional read: issue time	13899serve time	14209 ns
transactional read: issue time	14015serve time	14209 ns
transactional read: issue time	14055serve time	14209 ns
transactional read: issue time	14055serve time	14209 ns
transactional read: issue time	14055serve time	14209 ns
critical read: issue time	13919serve time	14217 ns
transactional read: issue time	13919serve time	14217 ns
transactional read: issue time	13919serve time	14217 ns
transactional read: issue time	13919serve time	14217 ns
critical read: issue time	14055serve time	14217 ns
transactional read: issue time	12805serve time	14217 ns
critical read: issue time	12805serve time	14217 ns
transactional read: issue time	12805serve time	14217 ns
critical read: issue time	13939serve time	14225 ns
transactional read: issue time	13939serve time	14225 ns
transactional read: issue time	13939serve time	14225 ns
transactional read: issue time	13939serve time	14225 ns
transactional read: issue time	12805serve time	14225 ns
critical read: issue time	13979serve time	14233 ns
transactional read: issue time	13979serve time	14233 ns
transactional read: issue time	13979serve time	14233 ns
transactional read: issue time	13979serve time	14233 ns
critical read: issue time	13999serve time	14241 ns
transactional read: issue time	13999serve time	14241 ns
transactional read: issue time	13999serve time	14241 ns
transactional read: issue time	13999serve time	14241 ns
transactional read: issue time	13911serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	13911serve time	14249 ns
critical read: issue time	13911serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	13911serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	13931serve time	14249 ns
critical read: issue time	13931serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	13931serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	13952serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	13952serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	14083serve time	14249 ns
transactional read: issue time	13931serve time	14257 ns
transactional read: issue time	13952serve time	14257 ns
critical read: issue time	13952serve time	14257 ns
transactional read: issue time	14083serve time	14257 ns
transactional read: issue time	13995serve time	14257 ns
critical read: issue time	14083serve time	14265 ns
transactional read: issue time	14083serve time	14265 ns
critical read: issue time	13995serve time	14265 ns
transactional read: issue time	14035serve time	14265 ns
transactional read: issue time	13995serve time	14273 ns
transactional read: issue time	13995serve time	14273 ns
critical read: issue time	14035serve time	14273 ns
transactional read: issue time	14075serve time	14273 ns
transactional read: issue time	14035serve time	14281 ns
transactional read: issue time	14035serve time	14281 ns
transactional read: issue time	14075serve time	14281 ns
transactional read: issue time	14095serve time	14281 ns
toll write: issue time	13262serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	13262serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	13262serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	13262serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	12826serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	12826serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	12826serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	12826serve time	14289 ns
toll write: issue time	13312serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	13312serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	13312serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	13312serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	14115serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	14115serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	14115serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	14115serve time	14297 ns
toll write: issue time	11936serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	11936serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	11936serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	11936serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	12877serve time	14305 ns
toll write: issue time	11986serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	11986serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	11986serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	11986serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	12887serve time	14313 ns
toll write: issue time	13343serve time	14321 ns
toll write: issue time	13343serve time	14321 ns
toll write: issue time	13343serve time	14321 ns
toll write: issue time	13343serve time	14321 ns
toll write: issue time	13359serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	13359serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	13359serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	13359serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	12987serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	12987serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	12987serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	12987serve time	14329 ns
toll write: issue time	13393serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	13393serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	13393serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	13393serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	14197serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	14197serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	14197serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	14197serve time	14337 ns
toll write: issue time	13478serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	13478serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	13478serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	13478serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	14207serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	14207serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	14207serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	14207serve time	14345 ns
toll write: issue time	13367serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	13367serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	13367serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	13367serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	14217serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	14217serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	14217serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	14217serve time	14353 ns
toll write: issue time	13377serve time	14361 ns
toll write: issue time	13377serve time	14361 ns
toll write: issue time	13377serve time	14361 ns
toll write: issue time	13377serve time	14361 ns
toll write: issue time	14281serve time	14361 ns
toll write: issue time	14281serve time	14361 ns
toll write: issue time	14281serve time	14361 ns
toll write: issue time	14281serve time	14361 ns
critical read: issue time	14075serve time	14369 ns
transactional read: issue time	14075serve time	14369 ns
critical read: issue time	14095serve time	14369 ns
critical read: issue time	14103serve time	14369 ns
critical read: issue time	14123serve time	14369 ns
transactional read: issue time	14123serve time	14369 ns
transactional read: issue time	14123serve time	14369 ns
transactional read: issue time	14123serve time	14369 ns
transactional read: issue time	14095serve time	14377 ns
transactional read: issue time	14095serve time	14377 ns
transactional read: issue time	14103serve time	14377 ns
transactional read: issue time	12785serve time	14377 ns
critical read: issue time	12847serve time	14377 ns
transactional read: issue time	12847serve time	14377 ns
transactional read: issue time	12847serve time	14377 ns
transactional read: issue time	12847serve time	14377 ns
transactional read: issue time	14103serve time	14385 ns
transactional read: issue time	14103serve time	14385 ns
transactional read: issue time	12785serve time	14385 ns
transactional read: issue time	14117serve time	14385 ns
transactional read: issue time	12887serve time	14385 ns
critical read: issue time	12887serve time	14385 ns
transactional read: issue time	12887serve time	14385 ns
transactional read: issue time	12887serve time	14385 ns
transactional read: issue time	12785serve time	14393 ns
critical read: issue time	12785serve time	14393 ns
transactional read: issue time	14117serve time	14393 ns
transactional read: issue time	12827serve time	14393 ns
critical read: issue time	12907serve time	14393 ns
transactional read: issue time	12907serve time	14393 ns
transactional read: issue time	12907serve time	14393 ns
transactional read: issue time	12907serve time	14393 ns
critical read: issue time	14117serve time	14401 ns
transactional read: issue time	14117serve time	14401 ns
transactional read: issue time	12827serve time	14401 ns
transactional read: issue time	12867serve time	14401 ns
critical read: issue time	12927serve time	14401 ns
transactional read: issue time	12927serve time	14401 ns
transactional read: issue time	12927serve time	14401 ns
transactional read: issue time	12927serve time	14401 ns
critical read: issue time	12827serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	12827serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	12867serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	14137serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	14137serve time	14409 ns
critical read: issue time	14137serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	14137serve time	14409 ns
critical read: issue time	12947serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	12947serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	12947serve time	14409 ns
transactional read: issue time	12947serve time	14409 ns
critical read: issue time	12867serve time	14417 ns
transactional read: issue time	12867serve time	14417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14143serve time	14417 ns
critical read: issue time	14143serve time	14417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14185serve time	14417 ns
critical read: issue time	14185serve time	14417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14185serve time	14417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14185serve time	14417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14143serve time	14425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14143serve time	14425 ns
transactional read: issue time	12967serve time	14425 ns
critical read: issue time	12967serve time	14425 ns
critical read: issue time	14205serve time	14425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14205serve time	14425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14205serve time	14425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14205serve time	14425 ns
transactional read: issue time	12967serve time	14433 ns
transactional read: issue time	12967serve time	14433 ns
transactional read: issue time	12987serve time	14433 ns
transactional read: issue time	12987serve time	14433 ns
critical read: issue time	14225serve time	14433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14225serve time	14433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14225serve time	14433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14225serve time	14433 ns
critical read: issue time	12987serve time	14441 ns
transactional read: issue time	12987serve time	14441 ns
transactional read: issue time	14165serve time	14441 ns
transactional read: issue time	14165serve time	14441 ns
transactional read: issue time	14265serve time	14441 ns
critical read: issue time	14265serve time	14441 ns
transactional read: issue time	14265serve time	14441 ns
transactional read: issue time	14265serve time	14441 ns
critical read: issue time	14165serve time	14449 ns
transactional read: issue time	14165serve time	14449 ns
transactional read: issue time	14245serve time	14449 ns
transactional read: issue time	14245serve time	14449 ns
critical read: issue time	14285serve time	14449 ns
transactional read: issue time	14285serve time	14449 ns
transactional read: issue time	14285serve time	14449 ns
transactional read: issue time	14285serve time	14449 ns
critical read: issue time	14245serve time	14457 ns
transactional read: issue time	14245serve time	14457 ns
transactional read: issue time	14325serve time	14457 ns
transactional read: issue time	14325serve time	14457 ns
transactional read: issue time	14305serve time	14457 ns
transactional read: issue time	14305serve time	14457 ns
critical read: issue time	14305serve time	14457 ns
transactional read: issue time	14305serve time	14457 ns
critical read: issue time	14325serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14325serve time	14465 ns
critical read: issue time	14177serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14177serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14177serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14177serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14197serve time	14465 ns
critical read: issue time	14157serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14157serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14157serve time	14465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14157serve time	14465 ns
critical read: issue time	14197serve time	14473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14197serve time	14473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14197serve time	14473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14345serve time	14473 ns
critical read: issue time	14217serve time	14473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14217serve time	14473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14217serve time	14473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14217serve time	14473 ns
critical read: issue time	14345serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14345serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14345serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14277serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14277serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14277serve time	14481 ns
critical read: issue time	14277serve time	14481 ns
critical read: issue time	14237serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14237serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14237serve time	14481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14237serve time	14481 ns
critical read: issue time	14297serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	14297serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	14297serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	14297serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	13027serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	13027serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	13027serve time	14489 ns
critical read: issue time	14257serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	14257serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	14257serve time	14489 ns
transactional read: issue time	14257serve time	14489 ns
critical read: issue time	13027serve time	14497 ns
transactional read: issue time	14377serve time	14497 ns
transactional read: issue time	14377serve time	14497 ns
transactional read: issue time	14377serve time	14497 ns
transactional read: issue time	14317serve time	14497 ns
transactional read: issue time	14317serve time	14497 ns
transactional read: issue time	14317serve time	14497 ns
critical read: issue time	14317serve time	14497 ns
critical read: issue time	14377serve time	14505 ns
transactional read: issue time	14387serve time	14505 ns
transactional read: issue time	14387serve time	14505 ns
transactional read: issue time	14387serve time	14505 ns
critical read: issue time	14337serve time	14505 ns
transactional read: issue time	14337serve time	14505 ns
transactional read: issue time	14337serve time	14505 ns
transactional read: issue time	14337serve time	14505 ns
critical read: issue time	14387serve time	14513 ns
transactional read: issue time	13151serve time	14513 ns
transactional read: issue time	13151serve time	14513 ns
transactional read: issue time	13151serve time	14513 ns
critical read: issue time	14365serve time	14513 ns
transactional read: issue time	14365serve time	14513 ns
transactional read: issue time	14365serve time	14513 ns
transactional read: issue time	14365serve time	14513 ns
critical read: issue time	13151serve time	14521 ns
critical read: issue time	14357serve time	14521 ns
transactional read: issue time	14357serve time	14521 ns
transactional read: issue time	14357serve time	14521 ns
transactional read: issue time	14357serve time	14521 ns
transactional read: issue time	13007serve time	14529 ns
transactional read: issue time	13007serve time	14529 ns
critical read: issue time	13007serve time	14529 ns
transactional read: issue time	13007serve time	14529 ns
transactional read: issue time	13047serve time	14537 ns
transactional read: issue time	13047serve time	14537 ns
transactional read: issue time	13047serve time	14537 ns
critical read: issue time	13047serve time	14537 ns
critical read: issue time	13067serve time	14545 ns
transactional read: issue time	13067serve time	14545 ns
transactional read: issue time	13067serve time	14545 ns
transactional read: issue time	13067serve time	14545 ns
transactional read: issue time	13091serve time	14553 ns
transactional read: issue time	13091serve time	14553 ns
critical read: issue time	13091serve time	14553 ns
transactional read: issue time	13091serve time	14553 ns
critical read: issue time	13111serve time	14561 ns
transactional read: issue time	13111serve time	14561 ns
transactional read: issue time	13111serve time	14561 ns
transactional read: issue time	13111serve time	14561 ns
critical read: issue time	13131serve time	14569 ns
transactional read: issue time	13131serve time	14569 ns
transactional read: issue time	13131serve time	14569 ns
transactional read: issue time	13131serve time	14569 ns
toll write: issue time	12021serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	12021serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	12021serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	12021serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	14291serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	14291serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	14291serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	14291serve time	14577 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	12094serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	14176serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	14176serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	14176serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	14176serve time	14585 ns
toll write: issue time	12143serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	12143serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	12143serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	12143serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	14357serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	14357serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	14357serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	14357serve time	14593 ns
toll write: issue time	12220serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	12220serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	12220serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	12220serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	14300serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	14300serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	14300serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	14300serve time	14601 ns
toll write: issue time	13560serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	13560serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	13560serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	13560serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	14352serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	14352serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	14352serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	14352serve time	14609 ns
toll write: issue time	13667serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13667serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13667serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13667serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13110serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13110serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13110serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13110serve time	14617 ns
toll write: issue time	13585serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13585serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13585serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13585serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13228serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13228serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13228serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13228serve time	14625 ns
toll write: issue time	13640serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	13640serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	13640serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	13640serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	14423serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	14423serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	14423serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	14423serve time	14633 ns
toll write: issue time	13651serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	13651serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	13651serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	13651serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	14492serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	14492serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	14492serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	14492serve time	14641 ns
toll write: issue time	13792serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	13792serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	13792serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	13792serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	14541serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	14541serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	14541serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	14541serve time	14649 ns
toll write: issue time	12504serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	12504serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	12504serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	12504serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	14570serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	14570serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	14570serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	14570serve time	14657 ns
toll write: issue time	13822serve time	14665 ns
toll write: issue time	13822serve time	14665 ns
toll write: issue time	13822serve time	14665 ns
toll write: issue time	13822serve time	14665 ns
toll write: issue time	12580serve time	14673 ns
toll write: issue time	12580serve time	14673 ns
toll write: issue time	12580serve time	14673 ns
toll write: issue time	12580serve time	14673 ns
toll write: issue time	13832serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	13832serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	13832serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	13832serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	14536serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	14536serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	14536serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	14536serve time	14681 ns
toll write: issue time	13840serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	13840serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	13840serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	13840serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	14580serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	14580serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	14580serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	14580serve time	14689 ns
toll write: issue time	12625serve time	14697 ns
toll write: issue time	12625serve time	14697 ns
toll write: issue time	12625serve time	14697 ns
toll write: issue time	12625serve time	14697 ns
toll write: issue time	12635serve time	14705 ns
toll write: issue time	12635serve time	14705 ns
toll write: issue time	12635serve time	14705 ns
toll write: issue time	12635serve time	14705 ns
critical read: issue time	14397serve time	14713 ns
transactional read: issue time	14397serve time	14713 ns
transactional read: issue time	14397serve time	14713 ns
transactional read: issue time	14397serve time	14713 ns
critical read: issue time	13233serve time	14713 ns
transactional read: issue time	13233serve time	14713 ns
transactional read: issue time	13233serve time	14713 ns
transactional read: issue time	13233serve time	14713 ns
transactional read: issue time	13171serve time	14721 ns
transactional read: issue time	13171serve time	14721 ns
transactional read: issue time	13171serve time	14721 ns
critical read: issue time	13171serve time	14721 ns
critical read: issue time	14491serve time	14721 ns
transactional read: issue time	14491serve time	14721 ns
transactional read: issue time	14491serve time	14721 ns
transactional read: issue time	14491serve time	14721 ns
critical read: issue time	13193serve time	14729 ns
transactional read: issue time	13193serve time	14729 ns
transactional read: issue time	13193serve time	14729 ns
transactional read: issue time	13193serve time	14729 ns
critical read: issue time	14511serve time	14729 ns
transactional read: issue time	14511serve time	14729 ns
transactional read: issue time	14511serve time	14729 ns
transactional read: issue time	14511serve time	14729 ns
critical read: issue time	13213serve time	14737 ns
transactional read: issue time	13213serve time	14737 ns
transactional read: issue time	13213serve time	14737 ns
transactional read: issue time	13213serve time	14737 ns
critical read: issue time	14551serve time	14737 ns
transactional read: issue time	14551serve time	14737 ns
transactional read: issue time	14551serve time	14737 ns
transactional read: issue time	14551serve time	14737 ns
transactional read: issue time	14407serve time	14745 ns
critical read: issue time	14407serve time	14745 ns
transactional read: issue time	14407serve time	14745 ns
transactional read: issue time	14407serve time	14745 ns
critical read: issue time	14571serve time	14745 ns
transactional read: issue time	14571serve time	14745 ns
transactional read: issue time	14571serve time	14745 ns
transactional read: issue time	14571serve time	14745 ns
critical read: issue time	14417serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	14417serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	14417serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	14417serve time	14753 ns
critical read: issue time	13253serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	13253serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	13253serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	14593serve time	14753 ns
critical read: issue time	14593serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	14593serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	14593serve time	14753 ns
transactional read: issue time	13253serve time	14761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14429serve time	14761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14429serve time	14761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14429serve time	14761 ns
critical read: issue time	14437serve time	14761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14437serve time	14761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14437serve time	14761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14437serve time	14761 ns
critical read: issue time	14429serve time	14769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14451serve time	14769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14451serve time	14769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14451serve time	14769 ns
critical read: issue time	14635serve time	14769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14635serve time	14769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14635serve time	14769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14635serve time	14769 ns
critical read: issue time	14451serve time	14777 ns
transactional read: issue time	14471serve time	14777 ns
transactional read: issue time	14471serve time	14777 ns
critical read: issue time	14471serve time	14777 ns
critical read: issue time	14517serve time	14777 ns
transactional read: issue time	14517serve time	14777 ns
transactional read: issue time	14517serve time	14777 ns
transactional read: issue time	14517serve time	14777 ns
transactional read: issue time	14471serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14531serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14531serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14531serve time	14785 ns
critical read: issue time	14537serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14537serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14537serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14537serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14557serve time	14785 ns
transactional read: issue time	14557serve time	14785 ns
critical read: issue time	14557serve time	14785 ns
critical read: issue time	14531serve time	14793 ns
transactional read: issue time	14615serve time	14793 ns
transactional read: issue time	14615serve time	14793 ns
transactional read: issue time	14615serve time	14793 ns
transactional read: issue time	14557serve time	14793 ns
transactional read: issue time	14580serve time	14793 ns
transactional read: issue time	14580serve time	14793 ns
critical read: issue time	14580serve time	14793 ns
critical read: issue time	14615serve time	14801 ns
critical read: issue time	14457serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14457serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14457serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14457serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14477serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14477serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14580serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14621serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14621serve time	14801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14621serve time	14801 ns
critical read: issue time	14477serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14477serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14497serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14497serve time	14809 ns
critical read: issue time	14497serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14497serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14655serve time	14809 ns
critical read: issue time	14621serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	13273serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	13273serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	13273serve time	14809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14655serve time	14817 ns
critical read: issue time	14655serve time	14817 ns
transactional read: issue time	14655serve time	14817 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	14817 ns
critical read: issue time	14601serve time	14817 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	14817 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	14817 ns
critical read: issue time	13273serve time	14817 ns
critical read: issue time	14675serve time	14817 ns
transactional read: issue time	14675serve time	14817 ns
transactional read: issue time	14675serve time	14817 ns
critical read: issue time	14641serve time	14825 ns
transactional read: issue time	14641serve time	14825 ns
transactional read: issue time	14641serve time	14825 ns
transactional read: issue time	14641serve time	14825 ns
transactional read: issue time	14675serve time	14825 ns
transactional read: issue time	13377serve time	14825 ns
critical read: issue time	13377serve time	14825 ns
transactional read: issue time	13377serve time	14825 ns
critical read: issue time	14661serve time	14833 ns
transactional read: issue time	14661serve time	14833 ns
transactional read: issue time	14661serve time	14833 ns
transactional read: issue time	14661serve time	14833 ns
transactional read: issue time	13377serve time	14833 ns
critical read: issue time	13293serve time	14841 ns
transactional read: issue time	13293serve time	14841 ns
transactional read: issue time	13293serve time	14841 ns
transactional read: issue time	13293serve time	14841 ns
critical read: issue time	13315serve time	14849 ns
transactional read: issue time	13315serve time	14849 ns
transactional read: issue time	13315serve time	14849 ns
transactional read: issue time	13315serve time	14849 ns
critical read: issue time	14683serve time	14857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14683serve time	14857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14683serve time	14857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14683serve time	14857 ns
toll write: issue time	12675serve time	14865 ns
toll write: issue time	12675serve time	14865 ns
toll write: issue time	12675serve time	14865 ns
toll write: issue time	12675serve time	14865 ns
toll write: issue time	12775serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	12775serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	12775serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	12775serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	13392serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	13392serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	13392serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	13392serve time	14873 ns
toll write: issue time	13889serve time	14881 ns
toll write: issue time	13889serve time	14881 ns
toll write: issue time	13889serve time	14881 ns
toll write: issue time	13889serve time	14881 ns
toll write: issue time	13899serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13899serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13899serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13899serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13437serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13437serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13437serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13437serve time	14889 ns
toll write: issue time	13915serve time	14897 ns
toll write: issue time	13915serve time	14897 ns
toll write: issue time	13915serve time	14897 ns
toll write: issue time	13915serve time	14897 ns
toll write: issue time	13958serve time	14905 ns
toll write: issue time	13958serve time	14905 ns
toll write: issue time	13958serve time	14905 ns
toll write: issue time	13958serve time	14905 ns
toll write: issue time	14057serve time	14913 ns
toll write: issue time	14057serve time	14913 ns
toll write: issue time	14057serve time	14913 ns
toll write: issue time	14057serve time	14913 ns
toll write: issue time	13872serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	13872serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	13872serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	13872serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	14807serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	14807serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	14807serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	14807serve time	14921 ns
toll write: issue time	13952serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	13952serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	13952serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	13952serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	14891serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	14891serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	14891serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	14891serve time	14929 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14037serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14901serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14901serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14901serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14901serve time	14937 ns
toll write: issue time	14092serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	14092serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	14092serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	14092serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	14748serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	14748serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	14748serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	14748serve time	14945 ns
toll write: issue time	12785serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	12785serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	12785serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	12785serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	14842serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	14842serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	14842serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	14842serve time	14953 ns
toll write: issue time	12846serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	12846serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	12846serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	12846serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	14862serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	14862serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	14862serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	14862serve time	14961 ns
toll write: issue time	14125serve time	14969 ns
toll write: issue time	14125serve time	14969 ns
toll write: issue time	14125serve time	14969 ns
toll write: issue time	14125serve time	14969 ns
critical read: issue time	13337serve time	14977 ns
transactional read: issue time	13337serve time	14977 ns
transactional read: issue time	13337serve time	14977 ns
transactional read: issue time	13337serve time	14977 ns
critical read: issue time	13397serve time	14977 ns
transactional read: issue time	13397serve time	14977 ns
transactional read: issue time	13397serve time	14977 ns
transactional read: issue time	13397serve time	14977 ns
critical read: issue time	13357serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	13357serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	13357serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	13357serve time	14985 ns
critical read: issue time	14703serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	14703serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	14703serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	14703serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	13437serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	13437serve time	14985 ns
transactional read: issue time	13437serve time	14985 ns
critical read: issue time	14695serve time	14993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14695serve time	14993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14695serve time	14993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14695serve time	14993 ns
critical read: issue time	13437serve time	14993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14735serve time	14993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14735serve time	14993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14735serve time	14993 ns
transactional read: issue time	13417serve time	15001 ns
transactional read: issue time	13417serve time	15001 ns
transactional read: issue time	13417serve time	15001 ns
critical read: issue time	13417serve time	15001 ns
critical read: issue time	14735serve time	15001 ns
transactional read: issue time	14815serve time	15001 ns
transactional read: issue time	14815serve time	15001 ns
transactional read: issue time	14815serve time	15001 ns
transactional read: issue time	13459serve time	15009 ns
transactional read: issue time	13459serve time	15009 ns
transactional read: issue time	13459serve time	15009 ns
critical read: issue time	13459serve time	15009 ns
critical read: issue time	14815serve time	15009 ns
transactional read: issue time	14895serve time	15009 ns
transactional read: issue time	14895serve time	15009 ns
transactional read: issue time	14895serve time	15009 ns
critical read: issue time	14715serve time	15017 ns
transactional read: issue time	14715serve time	15017 ns
transactional read: issue time	14715serve time	15017 ns
transactional read: issue time	14715serve time	15017 ns
critical read: issue time	14895serve time	15017 ns
transactional read: issue time	14763serve time	15017 ns
transactional read: issue time	14763serve time	15017 ns
transactional read: issue time	14763serve time	15017 ns
critical read: issue time	13479serve time	15025 ns
transactional read: issue time	13479serve time	15025 ns
transactional read: issue time	13479serve time	15025 ns
transactional read: issue time	13479serve time	15025 ns
critical read: issue time	14763serve time	15025 ns
critical read: issue time	14823serve time	15025 ns
transactional read: issue time	14823serve time	15025 ns
transactional read: issue time	14823serve time	15025 ns
critical read: issue time	14723serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	14723serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	14723serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	14723serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	14823serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	14915serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	14915serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	14915serve time	15033 ns
transactional read: issue time	13501serve time	15041 ns
transactional read: issue time	13501serve time	15041 ns
critical read: issue time	13501serve time	15041 ns
transactional read: issue time	13501serve time	15041 ns
critical read: issue time	14915serve time	15041 ns
transactional read: issue time	14843serve time	15041 ns
critical read: issue time	14843serve time	15041 ns
transactional read: issue time	14843serve time	15041 ns
transactional read: issue time	14755serve time	15049 ns
critical read: issue time	14755serve time	15049 ns
transactional read: issue time	14755serve time	15049 ns
transactional read: issue time	14755serve time	15049 ns
transactional read: issue time	14843serve time	15049 ns
transactional read: issue time	14863serve time	15049 ns
transactional read: issue time	14863serve time	15049 ns
transactional read: issue time	14863serve time	15049 ns
critical read: issue time	14775serve time	15057 ns
transactional read: issue time	14775serve time	15057 ns
transactional read: issue time	14775serve time	15057 ns
transactional read: issue time	14775serve time	15057 ns
critical read: issue time	14863serve time	15057 ns
transactional read: issue time	14885serve time	15057 ns
transactional read: issue time	14885serve time	15057 ns
transactional read: issue time	14885serve time	15057 ns
transactional read: issue time	14795serve time	15065 ns
transactional read: issue time	14795serve time	15065 ns
critical read: issue time	14795serve time	15065 ns
transactional read: issue time	14795serve time	15065 ns
critical read: issue time	14885serve time	15065 ns
transactional read: issue time	13543serve time	15065 ns
transactional read: issue time	13543serve time	15065 ns
transactional read: issue time	13543serve time	15065 ns
transactional read: issue time	14835serve time	15073 ns
critical read: issue time	14835serve time	15073 ns
transactional read: issue time	14835serve time	15073 ns
transactional read: issue time	14835serve time	15073 ns
critical read: issue time	13543serve time	15073 ns
transactional read: issue time	13563serve time	15073 ns
transactional read: issue time	13563serve time	15073 ns
transactional read: issue time	13563serve time	15073 ns
critical read: issue time	14855serve time	15081 ns
transactional read: issue time	14855serve time	15081 ns
transactional read: issue time	14855serve time	15081 ns
transactional read: issue time	14855serve time	15081 ns
critical read: issue time	13563serve time	15081 ns
transactional read: issue time	13585serve time	15081 ns
transactional read: issue time	13585serve time	15081 ns
transactional read: issue time	13585serve time	15081 ns
critical read: issue time	14875serve time	15089 ns
transactional read: issue time	14875serve time	15089 ns
transactional read: issue time	14875serve time	15089 ns
transactional read: issue time	14875serve time	15089 ns
critical read: issue time	13585serve time	15089 ns
transactional read: issue time	13605serve time	15089 ns
transactional read: issue time	13605serve time	15089 ns
transactional read: issue time	13605serve time	15089 ns
transactional read: issue time	14743serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14743serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14743serve time	15097 ns
critical read: issue time	14743serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14783serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14783serve time	15097 ns
critical read: issue time	14783serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14803serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14803serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14905serve time	15097 ns
critical read: issue time	13605serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	13625serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	13625serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	13625serve time	15097 ns
transactional read: issue time	14783serve time	15105 ns
transactional read: issue time	14803serve time	15105 ns
critical read: issue time	14803serve time	15105 ns
transactional read: issue time	14905serve time	15105 ns
transactional read: issue time	14935serve time	15105 ns
critical read: issue time	13625serve time	15105 ns
transactional read: issue time	14965serve time	15105 ns
transactional read: issue time	14965serve time	15105 ns
transactional read: issue time	14965serve time	15105 ns
critical read: issue time	14905serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14905serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14935serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14925serve time	15113 ns
critical read: issue time	14925serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14925serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14925serve time	15113 ns
critical read: issue time	14965serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14971serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14971serve time	15113 ns
transactional read: issue time	14971serve time	15113 ns
critical read: issue time	14935serve time	15121 ns
transactional read: issue time	14935serve time	15121 ns
transactional read: issue time	13521serve time	15121 ns
transactional read: issue time	13521serve time	15121 ns
critical read: issue time	14971serve time	15121 ns
transactional read: issue time	13735serve time	15121 ns
transactional read: issue time	13735serve time	15121 ns
transactional read: issue time	13735serve time	15121 ns
critical read: issue time	13521serve time	15129 ns
transactional read: issue time	13521serve time	15129 ns
transactional read: issue time	14945serve time	15129 ns
transactional read: issue time	14945serve time	15129 ns
critical read: issue time	13735serve time	15129 ns
transactional read: issue time	13755serve time	15129 ns
transactional read: issue time	13755serve time	15129 ns
transactional read: issue time	13755serve time	15129 ns
critical read: issue time	14945serve time	15137 ns
transactional read: issue time	14945serve time	15137 ns
transactional read: issue time	13645serve time	15137 ns
transactional read: issue time	13645serve time	15137 ns
critical read: issue time	13755serve time	15137 ns
transactional read: issue time	13777serve time	15137 ns
transactional read: issue time	13777serve time	15137 ns
transactional read: issue time	13777serve time	15137 ns
critical read: issue time	13645serve time	15145 ns
transactional read: issue time	13645serve time	15145 ns
transactional read: issue time	13665serve time	15145 ns
transactional read: issue time	13665serve time	15145 ns
critical read: issue time	13777serve time	15145 ns
transactional read: issue time	14985serve time	15145 ns
transactional read: issue time	14985serve time	15145 ns
transactional read: issue time	14985serve time	15145 ns
critical read: issue time	13665serve time	15153 ns
transactional read: issue time	13665serve time	15153 ns
transactional read: issue time	13685serve time	15153 ns
transactional read: issue time	13685serve time	15153 ns
critical read: issue time	14985serve time	15153 ns
transactional read: issue time	14991serve time	15153 ns
transactional read: issue time	14991serve time	15153 ns
transactional read: issue time	14991serve time	15153 ns
critical read: issue time	14991serve time	15153 ns
critical read: issue time	13685serve time	15161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13685serve time	15161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13715serve time	15161 ns
transactional read: issue time	13715serve time	15161 ns
critical read: issue time	13715serve time	15169 ns
transactional read: issue time	13715serve time	15169 ns
transactional read: issue time	13812serve time	15169 ns
transactional read: issue time	13812serve time	15169 ns
critical read: issue time	13812serve time	15177 ns
transactional read: issue time	13812serve time	15177 ns
transactional read: issue time	13833serve time	15177 ns
transactional read: issue time	13833serve time	15177 ns
critical read: issue time	13833serve time	15177 ns
transactional read: issue time	13833serve time	15177 ns
transactional read: issue time	13853serve time	15177 ns
critical read: issue time	13853serve time	15185 ns
transactional read: issue time	13853serve time	15185 ns
transactional read: issue time	13853serve time	15185 ns
toll write: issue time	12948serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	12948serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	12948serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	12948serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	13520serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	13520serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	13520serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	13520serve time	15201 ns
toll write: issue time	14159serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	14159serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	14159serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	14159serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	13540serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	13540serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	13540serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	13540serve time	15209 ns
toll write: issue time	14237serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	14237serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	14237serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	14237serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	13934serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	13934serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	13934serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	13934serve time	15217 ns
toll write: issue time	14317serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	14317serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	14317serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	14317serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	13944serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	13944serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	13944serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	13944serve time	15225 ns
toll write: issue time	14156serve time	15233 ns
toll write: issue time	14156serve time	15233 ns
toll write: issue time	14156serve time	15233 ns
toll write: issue time	14156serve time	15233 ns
toll write: issue time	14333serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	14333serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	14333serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	14333serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	15063serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	15063serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	15063serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	15063serve time	15241 ns
toll write: issue time	14256serve time	15249 ns
toll write: issue time	14256serve time	15249 ns
toll write: issue time	14256serve time	15249 ns
toll write: issue time	14256serve time	15249 ns
toll write: issue time	13146serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	13146serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	13146serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	13146serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	15153serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	15153serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	15153serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	15153serve time	15257 ns
toll write: issue time	14396serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	14396serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	14396serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	14396serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	15224serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	15224serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	15224serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	15224serve time	15265 ns
toll write: issue time	13192serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	13192serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	13192serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	13192serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	15095serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	15095serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	15095serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	15095serve time	15273 ns
toll write: issue time	14407serve time	15281 ns
toll write: issue time	14407serve time	15281 ns
toll write: issue time	14407serve time	15281 ns
toll write: issue time	14407serve time	15281 ns
toll write: issue time	15244serve time	15281 ns
toll write: issue time	15244serve time	15281 ns
toll write: issue time	15244serve time	15281 ns
toll write: issue time	15244serve time	15281 ns
transactional read: issue time	13873serve time	15289 ns
critical read: issue time	13873serve time	15289 ns
transactional read: issue time	13873serve time	15289 ns
transactional read: issue time	13873serve time	15289 ns
critical read: issue time	13895serve time	15289 ns
transactional read: issue time	13895serve time	15289 ns
transactional read: issue time	13895serve time	15289 ns
transactional read: issue time	13895serve time	15289 ns
transactional read: issue time	13915serve time	15297 ns
transactional read: issue time	13915serve time	15297 ns
critical read: issue time	13915serve time	15297 ns
transactional read: issue time	13915serve time	15297 ns
critical read: issue time	13935serve time	15297 ns
transactional read: issue time	13935serve time	15297 ns
transactional read: issue time	13935serve time	15297 ns
transactional read: issue time	13935serve time	15297 ns
critical read: issue time	15007serve time	15305 ns
transactional read: issue time	15007serve time	15305 ns
transactional read: issue time	15007serve time	15305 ns
transactional read: issue time	15007serve time	15305 ns
critical read: issue time	13955serve time	15305 ns
transactional read: issue time	13955serve time	15305 ns
transactional read: issue time	13955serve time	15305 ns
transactional read: issue time	13955serve time	15305 ns
critical read: issue time	15011serve time	15313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15011serve time	15313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15011serve time	15313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15011serve time	15313 ns
critical read: issue time	15079serve time	15313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15079serve time	15313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15079serve time	15313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15079serve time	15313 ns
critical read: issue time	13977serve time	15321 ns
transactional read: issue time	13977serve time	15321 ns
transactional read: issue time	13977serve time	15321 ns
transactional read: issue time	13977serve time	15321 ns
critical read: issue time	15099serve time	15321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15099serve time	15321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15099serve time	15321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15099serve time	15321 ns
transactional read: issue time	13997serve time	15329 ns
transactional read: issue time	13997serve time	15329 ns
critical read: issue time	13997serve time	15329 ns
transactional read: issue time	13997serve time	15329 ns
critical read: issue time	15149serve time	15329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15149serve time	15329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15149serve time	15329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15149serve time	15329 ns
critical read: issue time	14017serve time	15337 ns
transactional read: issue time	14017serve time	15337 ns
transactional read: issue time	14017serve time	15337 ns
transactional read: issue time	14017serve time	15337 ns
transactional read: issue time	15169serve time	15337 ns
critical read: issue time	15169serve time	15337 ns
transactional read: issue time	15169serve time	15337 ns
transactional read: issue time	15169serve time	15337 ns
critical read: issue time	15029serve time	15345 ns
transactional read: issue time	15029serve time	15345 ns
transactional read: issue time	15029serve time	15345 ns
transactional read: issue time	15029serve time	15345 ns
transactional read: issue time	15224serve time	15345 ns
transactional read: issue time	15224serve time	15345 ns
transactional read: issue time	15224serve time	15345 ns
critical read: issue time	15224serve time	15345 ns
critical read: issue time	15059serve time	15353 ns
transactional read: issue time	15059serve time	15353 ns
transactional read: issue time	15059serve time	15353 ns
transactional read: issue time	15059serve time	15353 ns
critical read: issue time	15031serve time	15353 ns
transactional read: issue time	15031serve time	15353 ns
transactional read: issue time	15031serve time	15353 ns
transactional read: issue time	15031serve time	15353 ns
critical read: issue time	15119serve time	15361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15119serve time	15361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15119serve time	15361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15119serve time	15361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15095serve time	15361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15095serve time	15361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15095serve time	15361 ns
critical read: issue time	15095serve time	15361 ns
critical read: issue time	15189serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15189serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15189serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15189serve time	15369 ns
critical read: issue time	15115serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15115serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15115serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15115serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15135serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15135serve time	15369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15135serve time	15369 ns
critical read: issue time	15051serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15051serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15051serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15051serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15071serve time	15377 ns
critical read: issue time	15071serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15071serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15245serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15245serve time	15377 ns
critical read: issue time	15135serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15220serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15220serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15220serve time	15377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15071serve time	15385 ns
transactional read: issue time	15245serve time	15385 ns
transactional read: issue time	15155serve time	15385 ns
transactional read: issue time	15155serve time	15385 ns
critical read: issue time	15220serve time	15385 ns
transactional read: issue time	15265serve time	15385 ns
transactional read: issue time	15265serve time	15385 ns
transactional read: issue time	15265serve time	15385 ns
critical read: issue time	15245serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	15155serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	15175serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	15175serve time	15393 ns
critical read: issue time	15265serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	15241serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	15241serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	15241serve time	15393 ns
critical read: issue time	15241serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	14059serve time	15393 ns
transactional read: issue time	14059serve time	15393 ns
critical read: issue time	15155serve time	15401 ns
transactional read: issue time	15175serve time	15401 ns
transactional read: issue time	15195serve time	15401 ns
transactional read: issue time	15195serve time	15401 ns
critical read: issue time	14059serve time	15401 ns
transactional read: issue time	14059serve time	15401 ns
transactional read: issue time	15281serve time	15401 ns
transactional read: issue time	15281serve time	15401 ns
critical read: issue time	15175serve time	15409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15195serve time	15409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15261serve time	15409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15261serve time	15409 ns
critical read: issue time	15281serve time	15409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15281serve time	15409 ns
critical read: issue time	14079serve time	15409 ns
transactional read: issue time	14079serve time	15409 ns
critical read: issue time	15195serve time	15417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15261serve time	15417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14037serve time	15417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14037serve time	15417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14079serve time	15417 ns
transactional read: issue time	14079serve time	15417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15285serve time	15417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15285serve time	15417 ns
critical read: issue time	15261serve time	15425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14037serve time	15425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14139serve time	15425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14139serve time	15425 ns
critical read: issue time	15285serve time	15425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15285serve time	15425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14099serve time	15425 ns
transactional read: issue time	14099serve time	15425 ns
critical read: issue time	14037serve time	15433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14139serve time	15433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14179serve time	15433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14179serve time	15433 ns
critical read: issue time	14099serve time	15433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14099serve time	15433 ns
transactional read: issue time	14119serve time	15433 ns
critical read: issue time	14119serve time	15433 ns
toll write: issue time	14413serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	14413serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	14413serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	14413serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	15106serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	15106serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	15106serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	15106serve time	15441 ns
toll write: issue time	13243serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	13243serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	13243serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	13243serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	15220serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	15220serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	15220serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	15220serve time	15449 ns
toll write: issue time	13253serve time	15457 ns
toll write: issue time	13253serve time	15457 ns
toll write: issue time	13253serve time	15457 ns
toll write: issue time	13253serve time	15457 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	15457 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	15457 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	15457 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	15457 ns
critical read: issue time	14139serve time	15465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14179serve time	15465 ns
transactional read: issue time	15301serve time	15465 ns
transactional read: issue time	15301serve time	15465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14119serve time	15465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14119serve time	15465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14221serve time	15465 ns
transactional read: issue time	14221serve time	15465 ns
critical read: issue time	14179serve time	15473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15301serve time	15473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15305serve time	15473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15305serve time	15473 ns
critical read: issue time	14221serve time	15473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14221serve time	15473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14241serve time	15473 ns
transactional read: issue time	14241serve time	15473 ns
critical read: issue time	15301serve time	15481 ns
critical read: issue time	15305serve time	15481 ns
critical read: issue time	14201serve time	15481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14201serve time	15481 ns
critical read: issue time	14241serve time	15481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14241serve time	15481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14261serve time	15481 ns
transactional read: issue time	14261serve time	15481 ns
toll write: issue time	14428serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	14428serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	14428serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	14428serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	15240serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	15240serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	15240serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	15240serve time	15489 ns
toll write: issue time	14451serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14451serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14451serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14451serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14098serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14098serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14098serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14098serve time	15497 ns
toll write: issue time	14523serve time	15505 ns
toll write: issue time	14523serve time	15505 ns
toll write: issue time	14523serve time	15505 ns
toll write: issue time	14523serve time	15505 ns
toll write: issue time	14108serve time	15505 ns
toll write: issue time	14108serve time	15505 ns
toll write: issue time	14108serve time	15505 ns
toll write: issue time	14108serve time	15505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15305serve time	15513 ns
transactional read: issue time	14201serve time	15513 ns
critical read: issue time	15321serve time	15513 ns
transactional read: issue time	15321serve time	15513 ns
critical read: issue time	14261serve time	15513 ns
transactional read: issue time	14261serve time	15513 ns
critical read: issue time	14321serve time	15513 ns
transactional read: issue time	14321serve time	15513 ns
transactional read: issue time	14201serve time	15521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15321serve time	15521 ns
critical read: issue time	15325serve time	15521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15325serve time	15521 ns
transactional read: issue time	14321serve time	15521 ns
transactional read: issue time	14321serve time	15521 ns
transactional read: issue time	14363serve time	15521 ns
critical read: issue time	14363serve time	15521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15321serve time	15529 ns
transactional read: issue time	15325serve time	15529 ns
transactional read: issue time	14281serve time	15529 ns
critical read: issue time	14281serve time	15529 ns
transactional read: issue time	14363serve time	15529 ns
transactional read: issue time	14363serve time	15529 ns
transactional read: issue time	14383serve time	15529 ns
transactional read: issue time	14383serve time	15529 ns
toll write: issue time	14447serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14447serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14447serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14447serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14216serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14216serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14216serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14216serve time	15537 ns
toll write: issue time	14634serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14634serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14634serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14634serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14226serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14226serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14226serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14226serve time	15545 ns
toll write: issue time	14457serve time	15553 ns
toll write: issue time	14457serve time	15553 ns
toll write: issue time	14457serve time	15553 ns
toll write: issue time	14457serve time	15553 ns
toll write: issue time	14261serve time	15553 ns
toll write: issue time	14261serve time	15553 ns
toll write: issue time	14261serve time	15553 ns
toll write: issue time	14261serve time	15553 ns
transactional read: issue time	15325serve time	15561 ns
transactional read: issue time	14281serve time	15561 ns
transactional read: issue time	14301serve time	15561 ns
transactional read: issue time	14301serve time	15561 ns
critical read: issue time	14383serve time	15561 ns
transactional read: issue time	14383serve time	15561 ns
transactional read: issue time	15344serve time	15561 ns
critical read: issue time	15344serve time	15561 ns
transactional read: issue time	14281serve time	15569 ns
transactional read: issue time	14301serve time	15569 ns
transactional read: issue time	14343serve time	15569 ns
transactional read: issue time	14343serve time	15569 ns
transactional read: issue time	15344serve time	15569 ns
transactional read: issue time	15344serve time	15569 ns
transactional read: issue time	15345serve time	15569 ns
transactional read: issue time	15345serve time	15569 ns
critical read: issue time	14301serve time	15577 ns
transactional read: issue time	14343serve time	15577 ns
transactional read: issue time	14458serve time	15577 ns
transactional read: issue time	14458serve time	15577 ns
critical read: issue time	15345serve time	15577 ns
transactional read: issue time	15345serve time	15577 ns
transactional read: issue time	14403serve time	15577 ns
transactional read: issue time	14403serve time	15577 ns
toll write: issue time	14600serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14600serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14600serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14600serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14302serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14302serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14302serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14302serve time	15585 ns
toll write: issue time	14646serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	14646serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	14646serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	14646serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	15364serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	15364serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	15364serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	15364serve time	15593 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	15601 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	15601 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	15601 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	15601 ns
toll write: issue time	14534serve time	15601 ns
toll write: issue time	14534serve time	15601 ns
toll write: issue time	14534serve time	15601 ns
toll write: issue time	14534serve time	15601 ns
critical read: issue time	14343serve time	15609 ns
transactional read: issue time	14458serve time	15609 ns
transactional read: issue time	14499serve time	15609 ns
transactional read: issue time	14499serve time	15609 ns
transactional read: issue time	14403serve time	15609 ns
critical read: issue time	14403serve time	15609 ns
transactional read: issue time	14423serve time	15609 ns
transactional read: issue time	14423serve time	15609 ns
critical read: issue time	14458serve time	15617 ns
transactional read: issue time	14499serve time	15617 ns
transactional read: issue time	14514serve time	15617 ns
transactional read: issue time	14514serve time	15617 ns
critical read: issue time	14423serve time	15617 ns
transactional read: issue time	14423serve time	15617 ns
transactional read: issue time	14514serve time	15617 ns
transactional read: issue time	14514serve time	15617 ns
critical read: issue time	14499serve time	15625 ns
transactional read: issue time	14514serve time	15625 ns
transactional read: issue time	15365serve time	15625 ns
transactional read: issue time	15365serve time	15625 ns
transactional read: issue time	14514serve time	15625 ns
transactional read: issue time	14514serve time	15625 ns
critical read: issue time	14519serve time	15625 ns
transactional read: issue time	14519serve time	15625 ns
toll write: issue time	13308serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	13308serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	13308serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	13308serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	14544serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	14544serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	14544serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	14544serve time	15633 ns
toll write: issue time	13318serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	13318serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	13318serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	13318serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	15462serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	15462serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	15462serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	15462serve time	15641 ns
toll write: issue time	14694serve time	15649 ns
toll write: issue time	14694serve time	15649 ns
toll write: issue time	14694serve time	15649 ns
toll write: issue time	14694serve time	15649 ns
toll write: issue time	14601serve time	15649 ns
toll write: issue time	14601serve time	15649 ns
toll write: issue time	14601serve time	15649 ns
toll write: issue time	14601serve time	15649 ns
critical read: issue time	14514serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	15365serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	14519serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	14519serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	15365serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	15365serve time	15657 ns
critical read: issue time	15365serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	15365serve time	15657 ns
transactional read: issue time	14543serve time	15657 ns
critical read: issue time	15365serve time	15665 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	15665 ns
transactional read: issue time	15385serve time	15665 ns
transactional read: issue time	15385serve time	15665 ns
critical read: issue time	14543serve time	15665 ns
transactional read: issue time	14543serve time	15665 ns
transactional read: issue time	14543serve time	15665 ns
critical read: issue time	14563serve time	15665 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	15673 ns
transactional read: issue time	15385serve time	15673 ns
transactional read: issue time	15435serve time	15673 ns
transactional read: issue time	15435serve time	15673 ns
transactional read: issue time	14563serve time	15673 ns
transactional read: issue time	14563serve time	15673 ns
transactional read: issue time	14563serve time	15673 ns
transactional read: issue time	14583serve time	15673 ns
toll write: issue time	13402serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	13402serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	13402serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	13402serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	15480serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	15480serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	15480serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	15480serve time	15681 ns
toll write: issue time	14708serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	14708serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	14708serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	14708serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	15489serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	15489serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	15489serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	15489serve time	15689 ns
toll write: issue time	13474serve time	15697 ns
toll write: issue time	13474serve time	15697 ns
toll write: issue time	13474serve time	15697 ns
toll write: issue time	13474serve time	15697 ns
toll write: issue time	14710serve time	15697 ns
toll write: issue time	14710serve time	15697 ns
toll write: issue time	14710serve time	15697 ns
toll write: issue time	14710serve time	15697 ns
critical read: issue time	15385serve time	15705 ns
transactional read: issue time	15435serve time	15705 ns
transactional read: issue time	15405serve time	15705 ns
transactional read: issue time	15405serve time	15705 ns
critical read: issue time	14583serve time	15705 ns
transactional read: issue time	14583serve time	15705 ns
transactional read: issue time	14583serve time	15705 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	15705 ns
critical read: issue time	15435serve time	15713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15405serve time	15713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15457serve time	15713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15457serve time	15713 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	15713 ns
transactional read: issue time	14601serve time	15713 ns
critical read: issue time	14601serve time	15713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15405serve time	15713 ns
critical read: issue time	15405serve time	15721 ns
transactional read: issue time	15457serve time	15721 ns
transactional read: issue time	15425serve time	15721 ns
transactional read: issue time	15425serve time	15721 ns
critical read: issue time	15405serve time	15721 ns
transactional read: issue time	15405serve time	15721 ns
transactional read: issue time	15405serve time	15721 ns
transactional read: issue time	15385serve time	15721 ns
toll write: issue time	13484serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	13484serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	13484serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	13484serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	14755serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	14755serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	14755serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	14755serve time	15729 ns
toll write: issue time	14771serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14771serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14771serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14771serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14806serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14806serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14806serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14806serve time	15737 ns
toll write: issue time	14783serve time	15745 ns
toll write: issue time	14783serve time	15745 ns
toll write: issue time	14783serve time	15745 ns
toll write: issue time	14783serve time	15745 ns
toll write: issue time	15527serve time	15745 ns
toll write: issue time	15527serve time	15745 ns
toll write: issue time	15527serve time	15745 ns
toll write: issue time	15527serve time	15745 ns
critical read: issue time	15457serve time	15753 ns
transactional read: issue time	15425serve time	15753 ns
transactional read: issue time	15445serve time	15753 ns
transactional read: issue time	15445serve time	15753 ns
critical read: issue time	15385serve time	15753 ns
transactional read: issue time	15385serve time	15753 ns
transactional read: issue time	15385serve time	15753 ns
transactional read: issue time	14603serve time	15753 ns
critical read: issue time	15425serve time	15761 ns
transactional read: issue time	15445serve time	15761 ns
transactional read: issue time	15469serve time	15761 ns
transactional read: issue time	15469serve time	15761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14603serve time	15761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14603serve time	15761 ns
critical read: issue time	14603serve time	15761 ns
transactional read: issue time	14626serve time	15761 ns
critical read: issue time	15445serve time	15769 ns
transactional read: issue time	15469serve time	15769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14626serve time	15769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14626serve time	15769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14626serve time	15769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14626serve time	15769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14626serve time	15769 ns
transactional read: issue time	14655serve time	15769 ns
toll write: issue time	14927serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14927serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14927serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14927serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14876serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14876serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14876serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14876serve time	15777 ns
toll write: issue time	14872serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	14872serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	14872serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	14872serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	15555serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	15555serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	15555serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	15555serve time	15785 ns
toll write: issue time	14920serve time	15793 ns
toll write: issue time	14920serve time	15793 ns
toll write: issue time	14920serve time	15793 ns
toll write: issue time	14920serve time	15793 ns
toll write: issue time	15001serve time	15793 ns
toll write: issue time	15001serve time	15793 ns
toll write: issue time	15001serve time	15793 ns
toll write: issue time	15001serve time	15793 ns
critical read: issue time	15469serve time	15801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14626serve time	15801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14630serve time	15801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14630serve time	15801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14655serve time	15801 ns
transactional read: issue time	14655serve time	15801 ns
critical read: issue time	14655serve time	15801 ns
transactional read: issue time	15477serve time	15801 ns
critical read: issue time	14626serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14630serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14675serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	14675serve time	15809 ns
critical read: issue time	15477serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	15477serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	15477serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	15489serve time	15809 ns
critical read: issue time	15489serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	15489serve time	15809 ns
transactional read: issue time	15489serve time	15809 ns
critical read: issue time	14630serve time	15817 ns
transactional read: issue time	14675serve time	15817 ns
critical read: issue time	15509serve time	15817 ns
transactional read: issue time	15509serve time	15817 ns
critical read: issue time	15497serve time	15817 ns
transactional read: issue time	15497serve time	15817 ns
transactional read: issue time	15497serve time	15817 ns
transactional read: issue time	15497serve time	15817 ns
toll write: issue time	13530serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	13530serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	13530serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	13530serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	15583serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	15583serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	15583serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	15583serve time	15825 ns
toll write: issue time	13648serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	13648serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	13648serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	13648serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	15036serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	15036serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	15036serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	15036serve time	15833 ns
toll write: issue time	13685serve time	15841 ns
toll write: issue time	13685serve time	15841 ns
toll write: issue time	13685serve time	15841 ns
toll write: issue time	13685serve time	15841 ns
toll write: issue time	15081serve time	15841 ns
toll write: issue time	15081serve time	15841 ns
toll write: issue time	15081serve time	15841 ns
toll write: issue time	15081serve time	15841 ns
critical read: issue time	14675serve time	15849 ns
transactional read: issue time	15509serve time	15849 ns
transactional read: issue time	14777serve time	15849 ns
critical read: issue time	14777serve time	15849 ns
transactional read: issue time	14695serve time	15849 ns
critical read: issue time	14695serve time	15849 ns
transactional read: issue time	14695serve time	15849 ns
transactional read: issue time	14695serve time	15849 ns
transactional read: issue time	15509serve time	15857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14777serve time	15857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14797serve time	15857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14797serve time	15857 ns
critical read: issue time	14715serve time	15857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14715serve time	15857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14715serve time	15857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14715serve time	15857 ns
transactional read: issue time	14777serve time	15865 ns
transactional read: issue time	14797serve time	15865 ns
critical read: issue time	15529serve time	15865 ns
transactional read: issue time	15529serve time	15865 ns
transactional read: issue time	14735serve time	15865 ns
transactional read: issue time	14735serve time	15865 ns
critical read: issue time	14735serve time	15865 ns
transactional read: issue time	14735serve time	15865 ns
toll write: issue time	13818serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	13818serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	13818serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	13818serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	15610serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	15610serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	15610serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	15610serve time	15873 ns
toll write: issue time	13864serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	13864serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	13864serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	13864serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	15198serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	15198serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	15198serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	15198serve time	15881 ns
toll write: issue time	13895serve time	15889 ns
toll write: issue time	13895serve time	15889 ns
toll write: issue time	13895serve time	15889 ns
toll write: issue time	13895serve time	15889 ns
toll write: issue time	15341serve time	15889 ns
toll write: issue time	15341serve time	15889 ns
toll write: issue time	15341serve time	15889 ns
toll write: issue time	15341serve time	15889 ns
critical read: issue time	14797serve time	15897 ns
transactional read: issue time	15529serve time	15897 ns
transactional read: issue time	14839serve time	15897 ns
transactional read: issue time	14839serve time	15897 ns
critical read: issue time	14755serve time	15897 ns
transactional read: issue time	14755serve time	15897 ns
transactional read: issue time	14755serve time	15897 ns
transactional read: issue time	14755serve time	15897 ns
transactional read: issue time	15529serve time	15905 ns
transactional read: issue time	14839serve time	15905 ns
transactional read: issue time	14861serve time	15905 ns
transactional read: issue time	14861serve time	15905 ns
critical read: issue time	14819serve time	15905 ns
transactional read: issue time	14819serve time	15905 ns
transactional read: issue time	14819serve time	15905 ns
transactional read: issue time	14819serve time	15905 ns
critical read: issue time	14839serve time	15913 ns
transactional read: issue time	14861serve time	15913 ns
transactional read: issue time	15547serve time	15913 ns
transactional read: issue time	15547serve time	15913 ns
critical read: issue time	15527serve time	15913 ns
transactional read: issue time	15527serve time	15913 ns
transactional read: issue time	15527serve time	15913 ns
transactional read: issue time	15527serve time	15913 ns
toll write: issue time	15023serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	15023serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	15023serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	15023serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	15366serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	15366serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	15366serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	15366serve time	15921 ns
toll write: issue time	14017serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	14017serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	14017serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	14017serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	15738serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	15738serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	15738serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	15738serve time	15929 ns
toll write: issue time	15111serve time	15937 ns
toll write: issue time	15111serve time	15937 ns
toll write: issue time	15111serve time	15937 ns
toll write: issue time	15111serve time	15937 ns
toll write: issue time	15717serve time	15937 ns
toll write: issue time	15717serve time	15937 ns
toll write: issue time	15717serve time	15937 ns
toll write: issue time	15717serve time	15937 ns
critical read: issue time	14861serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	15547serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	15549serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	15549serve time	15945 ns
critical read: issue time	15549serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	15549serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	14884serve time	15945 ns
critical read: issue time	14881serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	14881serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	14881serve time	15945 ns
transactional read: issue time	14881serve time	15945 ns
critical read: issue time	15547serve time	15953 ns
transactional read: issue time	14884serve time	15953 ns
transactional read: issue time	14884serve time	15953 ns
transactional read: issue time	14901serve time	15953 ns
transactional read: issue time	14884serve time	15953 ns
transactional read: issue time	14884serve time	15953 ns
transactional read: issue time	14884serve time	15953 ns
transactional read: issue time	14884serve time	15953 ns
critical read: issue time	14884serve time	15961 ns
transactional read: issue time	14901serve time	15961 ns
transactional read: issue time	14901serve time	15961 ns
transactional read: issue time	14941serve time	15961 ns
critical read: issue time	14921serve time	15961 ns
transactional read: issue time	14921serve time	15961 ns
transactional read: issue time	14921serve time	15961 ns
transactional read: issue time	14921serve time	15961 ns
toll write: issue time	15116serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15116serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15116serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15116serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15727serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15727serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15727serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15727serve time	15969 ns
toll write: issue time	15174serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15174serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15174serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15174serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15747serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15747serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15747serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15747serve time	15977 ns
toll write: issue time	15300serve time	15985 ns
toll write: issue time	15300serve time	15985 ns
toll write: issue time	15300serve time	15985 ns
toll write: issue time	15300serve time	15985 ns
toll write: issue time	15411serve time	15985 ns
toll write: issue time	15411serve time	15985 ns
toll write: issue time	15411serve time	15985 ns
toll write: issue time	15411serve time	15985 ns
critical read: issue time	14901serve time	15993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14941serve time	15993 ns
transactional read: issue time	14941serve time	15993 ns
transactional read: issue time	15567serve time	15993 ns
transactional read: issue time	15569serve time	15993 ns
critical read: issue time	15569serve time	15993 ns
transactional read: issue time	15569serve time	15993 ns
transactional read: issue time	15569serve time	15993 ns
critical read: issue time	14941serve time	16001 ns
transactional read: issue time	15567serve time	16001 ns
transactional read: issue time	15567serve time	16001 ns
transactional read: issue time	14961serve time	16001 ns
transactional read: issue time	14981serve time	16001 ns
critical read: issue time	14981serve time	16001 ns
transactional read: issue time	14981serve time	16001 ns
transactional read: issue time	14981serve time	16001 ns
critical read: issue time	15567serve time	16009 ns
transactional read: issue time	14961serve time	16009 ns
transactional read: issue time	14961serve time	16009 ns
transactional read: issue time	15001serve time	16009 ns
critical read: issue time	15587serve time	16009 ns
transactional read: issue time	15587serve time	16009 ns
transactional read: issue time	15587serve time	16009 ns
transactional read: issue time	15587serve time	16009 ns
toll write: issue time	14179serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	14179serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	14179serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	14179serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	15770serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	15770serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	15770serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	15770serve time	16017 ns
toll write: issue time	14200serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	14200serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	14200serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	14200serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	15782serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	15782serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	15782serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	15782serve time	16025 ns
toll write: issue time	15324serve time	16033 ns
toll write: issue time	15324serve time	16033 ns
toll write: issue time	15324serve time	16033 ns
toll write: issue time	15324serve time	16033 ns
toll write: issue time	15530serve time	16033 ns
toll write: issue time	15530serve time	16033 ns
toll write: issue time	15530serve time	16033 ns
toll write: issue time	15530serve time	16033 ns
critical read: issue time	14961serve time	16041 ns
transactional read: issue time	15001serve time	16041 ns
transactional read: issue time	15001serve time	16041 ns
transactional read: issue time	15061serve time	16041 ns
transactional read: issue time	15589serve time	16041 ns
transactional read: issue time	15589serve time	16041 ns
critical read: issue time	15589serve time	16041 ns
transactional read: issue time	15589serve time	16041 ns
critical read: issue time	15001serve time	16049 ns
transactional read: issue time	15061serve time	16049 ns
critical read: issue time	15061serve time	16049 ns
transactional read: issue time	15617serve time	16049 ns
transactional read: issue time	15021serve time	16049 ns
critical read: issue time	15021serve time	16049 ns
transactional read: issue time	15021serve time	16049 ns
transactional read: issue time	15021serve time	16049 ns
transactional read: issue time	15061serve time	16057 ns
transactional read: issue time	15617serve time	16057 ns
transactional read: issue time	15617serve time	16057 ns
transactional read: issue time	15637serve time	16057 ns
critical read: issue time	15041serve time	16057 ns
transactional read: issue time	15041serve time	16057 ns
transactional read: issue time	15041serve time	16057 ns
transactional read: issue time	15041serve time	16057 ns
critical read: issue time	15617serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15637serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15637serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15103serve time	16065 ns
critical read: issue time	15611serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15611serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15611serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15611serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15631serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15631serve time	16065 ns
transactional read: issue time	15631serve time	16065 ns
critical read: issue time	15637serve time	16073 ns
critical read: issue time	15103serve time	16073 ns
transactional read: issue time	15103serve time	16073 ns
transactional read: issue time	15651serve time	16073 ns
critical read: issue time	15631serve time	16073 ns
transactional read: issue time	15083serve time	16073 ns
transactional read: issue time	15083serve time	16073 ns
transactional read: issue time	15083serve time	16073 ns
transactional read: issue time	15103serve time	16081 ns
transactional read: issue time	15651serve time	16081 ns
transactional read: issue time	15651serve time	16081 ns
transactional read: issue time	15123serve time	16081 ns
critical read: issue time	15083serve time	16081 ns
transactional read: issue time	15657serve time	16081 ns
transactional read: issue time	15657serve time	16081 ns
transactional read: issue time	15657serve time	16081 ns
critical read: issue time	15651serve time	16089 ns
transactional read: issue time	15123serve time	16089 ns
transactional read: issue time	15123serve time	16089 ns
transactional read: issue time	15163serve time	16089 ns
critical read: issue time	15657serve time	16089 ns
transactional read: issue time	15143serve time	16089 ns
critical read: issue time	15143serve time	16089 ns
transactional read: issue time	15143serve time	16089 ns
critical read: issue time	15123serve time	16097 ns
transactional read: issue time	15163serve time	16097 ns
transactional read: issue time	15163serve time	16097 ns
transactional read: issue time	15171serve time	16097 ns
transactional read: issue time	15143serve time	16097 ns
transactional read: issue time	15171serve time	16097 ns
transactional read: issue time	15171serve time	16097 ns
transactional read: issue time	15171serve time	16097 ns
critical read: issue time	15163serve time	16105 ns
transactional read: issue time	15171serve time	16105 ns
transactional read: issue time	15171serve time	16105 ns
critical read: issue time	15183serve time	16105 ns
transactional read: issue time	15171serve time	16105 ns
transactional read: issue time	15203serve time	16105 ns
transactional read: issue time	15203serve time	16105 ns
transactional read: issue time	15203serve time	16105 ns
critical read: issue time	15171serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15183serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15183serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15671serve time	16113 ns
critical read: issue time	15671serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15671serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15671serve time	16113 ns
critical read: issue time	15203serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15677serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15677serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15677serve time	16113 ns
transactional read: issue time	15183serve time	16121 ns
transactional read: issue time	15223serve time	16121 ns
transactional read: issue time	15223serve time	16121 ns
critical read: issue time	15223serve time	16121 ns
critical read: issue time	15677serve time	16121 ns
transactional read: issue time	15243serve time	16121 ns
transactional read: issue time	15243serve time	16121 ns
transactional read: issue time	15243serve time	16121 ns
transactional read: issue time	15223serve time	16129 ns
transactional read: issue time	15270serve time	16129 ns
transactional read: issue time	15270serve time	16129 ns
transactional read: issue time	15270serve time	16129 ns
critical read: issue time	15243serve time	16129 ns
transactional read: issue time	15687serve time	16129 ns
transactional read: issue time	15687serve time	16129 ns
transactional read: issue time	15687serve time	16129 ns
critical read: issue time	15270serve time	16137 ns
transactional read: issue time	15687serve time	16137 ns
critical read: issue time	15687serve time	16137 ns
transactional read: issue time	15687serve time	16137 ns
transactional read: issue time	15687serve time	16137 ns
transactional read: issue time	15351serve time	16137 ns
transactional read: issue time	15351serve time	16137 ns
transactional read: issue time	15351serve time	16137 ns
toll write: issue time	14458serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	14458serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	14458serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	14458serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	15608serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	15608serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	15608serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	15608serve time	16145 ns
toll write: issue time	15370serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15370serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15370serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15370serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15653serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15653serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15653serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15653serve time	16153 ns
toll write: issue time	15374serve time	16161 ns
toll write: issue time	15374serve time	16161 ns
toll write: issue time	15374serve time	16161 ns
toll write: issue time	15374serve time	16161 ns
toll write: issue time	15847serve time	16161 ns
toll write: issue time	15847serve time	16161 ns
toll write: issue time	15847serve time	16161 ns
toll write: issue time	15847serve time	16161 ns
transactional read: issue time	15687serve time	16169 ns
transactional read: issue time	15291serve time	16169 ns
transactional read: issue time	15291serve time	16169 ns
transactional read: issue time	15291serve time	16169 ns
critical read: issue time	15351serve time	16169 ns
transactional read: issue time	15371serve time	16169 ns
transactional read: issue time	15371serve time	16169 ns
transactional read: issue time	15371serve time	16169 ns
critical read: issue time	15291serve time	16177 ns
transactional read: issue time	15691serve time	16177 ns
transactional read: issue time	15691serve time	16177 ns
transactional read: issue time	15691serve time	16177 ns
critical read: issue time	15371serve time	16177 ns
transactional read: issue time	15411serve time	16177 ns
transactional read: issue time	15411serve time	16177 ns
transactional read: issue time	15411serve time	16177 ns
critical read: issue time	15691serve time	16185 ns
transactional read: issue time	15311serve time	16185 ns
transactional read: issue time	15311serve time	16185 ns
critical read: issue time	15311serve time	16185 ns
critical read: issue time	15411serve time	16185 ns
transactional read: issue time	15717serve time	16185 ns
transactional read: issue time	15717serve time	16185 ns
transactional read: issue time	15717serve time	16185 ns
toll write: issue time	15443serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15443serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15443serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15443serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15843serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15843serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15843serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15843serve time	16193 ns
toll write: issue time	15420serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	15420serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	15420serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	15420serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	15880serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	15880serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	15880serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	15880serve time	16201 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	16209 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	16209 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	16209 ns
toll write: issue time	14675serve time	16209 ns
toll write: issue time	15900serve time	16209 ns
toll write: issue time	15900serve time	16209 ns
toll write: issue time	15900serve time	16209 ns
toll write: issue time	15900serve time	16209 ns
transactional read: issue time	15311serve time	16217 ns
transactional read: issue time	15331serve time	16217 ns
transactional read: issue time	15331serve time	16217 ns
transactional read: issue time	15331serve time	16217 ns
critical read: issue time	15717serve time	16217 ns
transactional read: issue time	15737serve time	16217 ns
transactional read: issue time	15737serve time	16217 ns
transactional read: issue time	15737serve time	16217 ns
critical read: issue time	15737serve time	16217 ns
critical read: issue time	15751serve time	16217 ns
transactional read: issue time	15751serve time	16217 ns
critical read: issue time	15331serve time	16225 ns
transactional read: issue time	15391serve time	16225 ns
transactional read: issue time	15391serve time	16225 ns
critical read: issue time	15391serve time	16225 ns
transactional read: issue time	15751serve time	16225 ns
transactional read: issue time	15751serve time	16225 ns
transactional read: issue time	15431serve time	16225 ns
transactional read: issue time	15431serve time	16225 ns
transactional read: issue time	15391serve time	16233 ns
transactional read: issue time	15711serve time	16233 ns
transactional read: issue time	15711serve time	16233 ns
transactional read: issue time	15711serve time	16233 ns
critical read: issue time	15431serve time	16233 ns
transactional read: issue time	15431serve time	16233 ns
transactional read: issue time	15771serve time	16233 ns
transactional read: issue time	15771serve time	16233 ns
toll write: issue time	14765serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	14765serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	14765serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	14765serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	15733serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	15733serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	15733serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	15733serve time	16241 ns
toll write: issue time	15528serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	15528serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	15528serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	15528serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	15768serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	15768serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	15768serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	15768serve time	16249 ns
toll write: issue time	14839serve time	16257 ns
toll write: issue time	14839serve time	16257 ns
toll write: issue time	14839serve time	16257 ns
toll write: issue time	14839serve time	16257 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16257 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16257 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16257 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16257 ns
critical read: issue time	15711serve time	16265 ns
transactional read: issue time	15731serve time	16265 ns
transactional read: issue time	15731serve time	16265 ns
transactional read: issue time	15731serve time	16265 ns
critical read: issue time	15771serve time	16265 ns
transactional read: issue time	15771serve time	16265 ns
transactional read: issue time	15777serve time	16265 ns
transactional read: issue time	15777serve time	16265 ns
critical read: issue time	15731serve time	16273 ns
transactional read: issue time	15757serve time	16273 ns
transactional read: issue time	15757serve time	16273 ns
transactional read: issue time	15757serve time	16273 ns
critical read: issue time	15777serve time	16273 ns
transactional read: issue time	15777serve time	16273 ns
transactional read: issue time	15791serve time	16273 ns
transactional read: issue time	15791serve time	16273 ns
critical read: issue time	15757serve time	16281 ns
transactional read: issue time	15451serve time	16281 ns
transactional read: issue time	15451serve time	16281 ns
transactional read: issue time	15451serve time	16281 ns
critical read: issue time	15791serve time	16281 ns
transactional read: issue time	15791serve time	16281 ns
critical read: issue time	15511serve time	16281 ns
transactional read: issue time	15511serve time	16281 ns
toll write: issue time	15545serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15545serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15545serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15545serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15970serve time	16289 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	16052serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	16052serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	16052serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	16052serve time	16297 ns
toll write: issue time	14928serve time	16305 ns
toll write: issue time	14928serve time	16305 ns
toll write: issue time	14928serve time	16305 ns
toll write: issue time	14928serve time	16305 ns
toll write: issue time	16004serve time	16305 ns
toll write: issue time	16004serve time	16305 ns
toll write: issue time	16004serve time	16305 ns
toll write: issue time	16004serve time	16305 ns
critical read: issue time	15451serve time	16313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15471serve time	16313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15471serve time	16313 ns
critical read: issue time	15471serve time	16313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15511serve time	16313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15511serve time	16313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15799serve time	16313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15799serve time	16313 ns
transactional read: issue time	15471serve time	16321 ns
critical read: issue time	15491serve time	16321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15491serve time	16321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15491serve time	16321 ns
critical read: issue time	15799serve time	16321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15799serve time	16321 ns
critical read: issue time	15553serve time	16321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15553serve time	16321 ns
transactional read: issue time	15491serve time	16329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15531serve time	16329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15531serve time	16329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15531serve time	16329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15553serve time	16329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15553serve time	16329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15613serve time	16329 ns
transactional read: issue time	15613serve time	16329 ns
toll write: issue time	14956serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	14956serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	14956serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	14956serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	16070serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	16070serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	16070serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	16070serve time	16337 ns
toll write: issue time	15011serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	15011serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	15011serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	15011serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	16345 ns
toll write: issue time	15622serve time	16353 ns
toll write: issue time	15622serve time	16353 ns
toll write: issue time	15622serve time	16353 ns
toll write: issue time	15622serve time	16353 ns
toll write: issue time	16074serve time	16353 ns
toll write: issue time	16074serve time	16353 ns
toll write: issue time	16074serve time	16353 ns
toll write: issue time	16074serve time	16353 ns
critical read: issue time	15531serve time	16361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15573serve time	16361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15573serve time	16361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15573serve time	16361 ns
critical read: issue time	15613serve time	16361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15613serve time	16361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15653serve time	16361 ns
transactional read: issue time	15653serve time	16361 ns
critical read: issue time	15573serve time	16369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15811serve time	16369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15811serve time	16369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15811serve time	16369 ns
critical read: issue time	15653serve time	16369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15653serve time	16369 ns
critical read: issue time	15831serve time	16369 ns
transactional read: issue time	15831serve time	16369 ns
critical read: issue time	15811serve time	16377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15593serve time	16377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15593serve time	16377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15593serve time	16377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15831serve time	16377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15831serve time	16377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15851serve time	16377 ns
transactional read: issue time	15851serve time	16377 ns
toll write: issue time	15118serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15118serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15118serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15118serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15820serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15820serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15820serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15820serve time	16385 ns
toll write: issue time	15666serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	15666serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	15666serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	15666serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	16110serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	16110serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	16110serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	16110serve time	16393 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	16401 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	16401 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	16401 ns
toll write: issue time	15270serve time	16401 ns
toll write: issue time	15934serve time	16401 ns
toll write: issue time	15934serve time	16401 ns
toll write: issue time	15934serve time	16401 ns
toll write: issue time	15934serve time	16401 ns
critical read: issue time	15593serve time	16409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15819serve time	16409 ns
critical read: issue time	15819serve time	16409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15819serve time	16409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15819serve time	16409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15633serve time	16409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15633serve time	16409 ns
critical read: issue time	15851serve time	16409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15851serve time	16409 ns
transactional read: issue time	15859serve time	16409 ns
critical read: issue time	15859serve time	16409 ns
critical read: issue time	15633serve time	16417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15633serve time	16417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15673serve time	16417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15673serve time	16417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15859serve time	16417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15859serve time	16417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15871serve time	16417 ns
transactional read: issue time	15871serve time	16417 ns
critical read: issue time	15673serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15673serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15839serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15839serve time	16425 ns
critical read: issue time	15839serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15839serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15891serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15871serve time	16425 ns
critical read: issue time	15871serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15881serve time	16425 ns
transactional read: issue time	15881serve time	16425 ns
toll write: issue time	15280serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15280serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15280serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15280serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16433 ns
toll write: issue time	15293serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	15293serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	15293serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	15293serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	16126serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	16126serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	16126serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	16126serve time	16441 ns
toll write: issue time	15331serve time	16449 ns
toll write: issue time	15331serve time	16449 ns
toll write: issue time	15331serve time	16449 ns
toll write: issue time	15331serve time	16449 ns
toll write: issue time	16150serve time	16449 ns
toll write: issue time	16150serve time	16449 ns
toll write: issue time	16150serve time	16449 ns
toll write: issue time	16150serve time	16449 ns
critical read: issue time	15891serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15891serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15891serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15911serve time	16457 ns
critical read: issue time	15881serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15881serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15903serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15903serve time	16457 ns
critical read: issue time	15903serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15903serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15931serve time	16457 ns
transactional read: issue time	15911serve time	16465 ns
critical read: issue time	15911serve time	16465 ns
transactional read: issue time	15911serve time	16465 ns
transactional read: issue time	15923serve time	16465 ns
critical read: issue time	15931serve time	16465 ns
transactional read: issue time	15931serve time	16465 ns
transactional read: issue time	15931serve time	16465 ns
transactional read: issue time	15753serve time	16465 ns
critical read: issue time	15923serve time	16473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15923serve time	16473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15923serve time	16473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15693serve time	16473 ns
critical read: issue time	15753serve time	16473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15753serve time	16473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15753serve time	16473 ns
transactional read: issue time	15971serve time	16473 ns
toll write: issue time	15711serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	15711serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	15711serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	15711serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	16228serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	16228serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	16228serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	16228serve time	16481 ns
toll write: issue time	15721serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	15721serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	15721serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	15721serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	16096serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	16096serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	16096serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	16096serve time	16489 ns
toll write: issue time	15737serve time	16497 ns
toll write: issue time	15737serve time	16497 ns
toll write: issue time	15737serve time	16497 ns
toll write: issue time	15737serve time	16497 ns
toll write: issue time	16269serve time	16497 ns
toll write: issue time	16269serve time	16497 ns
toll write: issue time	16269serve time	16497 ns
toll write: issue time	16269serve time	16497 ns
critical read: issue time	15693serve time	16505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15693serve time	16505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15693serve time	16505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15951serve time	16505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15971serve time	16505 ns
critical read: issue time	15971serve time	16505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15971serve time	16505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15775serve time	16505 ns
transactional read: issue time	15951serve time	16513 ns
critical read: issue time	15951serve time	16513 ns
transactional read: issue time	15951serve time	16513 ns
transactional read: issue time	15945serve time	16513 ns
critical read: issue time	15775serve time	16513 ns
transactional read: issue time	15775serve time	16513 ns
transactional read: issue time	15775serve time	16513 ns
critical read: issue time	15795serve time	16513 ns
critical read: issue time	15945serve time	16521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15945serve time	16521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15945serve time	16521 ns
critical read: issue time	15713serve time	16521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15795serve time	16521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15795serve time	16521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15795serve time	16521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15985serve time	16521 ns
transactional read: issue time	15713serve time	16529 ns
transactional read: issue time	15713serve time	16529 ns
transactional read: issue time	15713serve time	16529 ns
transactional read: issue time	15733serve time	16529 ns
critical read: issue time	15985serve time	16529 ns
transactional read: issue time	15985serve time	16529 ns
transactional read: issue time	15985serve time	16529 ns
critical read: issue time	16031serve time	16529 ns
critical read: issue time	15733serve time	16537 ns
transactional read: issue time	15733serve time	16537 ns
transactional read: issue time	15733serve time	16537 ns
transactional read: issue time	15965serve time	16537 ns
transactional read: issue time	16031serve time	16537 ns
transactional read: issue time	16031serve time	16537 ns
transactional read: issue time	16031serve time	16537 ns
transactional read: issue time	16051serve time	16537 ns
critical read: issue time	15965serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	15965serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	15965serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	15991serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16051serve time	16545 ns
critical read: issue time	16051serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16051serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16025serve time	16545 ns
critical read: issue time	16025serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16025serve time	16545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16025serve time	16545 ns
toll write: issue time	15798serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	15798serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	15798serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	15798serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	16291serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	16291serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	16291serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	16291serve time	16553 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	15552serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	16141serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	16141serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	16141serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	16141serve time	16561 ns
toll write: issue time	15618serve time	16569 ns
toll write: issue time	15618serve time	16569 ns
toll write: issue time	15618serve time	16569 ns
toll write: issue time	15618serve time	16569 ns
toll write: issue time	16220serve time	16569 ns
toll write: issue time	16220serve time	16569 ns
toll write: issue time	16220serve time	16569 ns
toll write: issue time	16220serve time	16569 ns
transactional read: issue time	15991serve time	16577 ns
critical read: issue time	15991serve time	16577 ns
transactional read: issue time	15991serve time	16577 ns
transactional read: issue time	16011serve time	16577 ns
critical read: issue time	16045serve time	16577 ns
transactional read: issue time	16045serve time	16577 ns
transactional read: issue time	16045serve time	16577 ns
transactional read: issue time	16045serve time	16577 ns
critical read: issue time	16011serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16011serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16011serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16005serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16065serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16065serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16065serve time	16585 ns
critical read: issue time	16065serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16085serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16085serve time	16585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16085serve time	16585 ns
critical read: issue time	16005serve time	16593 ns
transactional read: issue time	16005serve time	16593 ns
transactional read: issue time	16005serve time	16593 ns
transactional read: issue time	16071serve time	16593 ns
critical read: issue time	16085serve time	16593 ns
transactional read: issue time	15817serve time	16593 ns
transactional read: issue time	15817serve time	16593 ns
transactional read: issue time	15817serve time	16593 ns
toll write: issue time	15829serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	15829serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	15829serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	15829serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	16329serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	16329serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	16329serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	16329serve time	16601 ns
toll write: issue time	15663serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	15663serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	15663serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	15663serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	16349serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	16349serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	16349serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	16349serve time	16609 ns
toll write: issue time	15894serve time	16617 ns
toll write: issue time	15894serve time	16617 ns
toll write: issue time	15894serve time	16617 ns
toll write: issue time	15894serve time	16617 ns
toll write: issue time	16332serve time	16617 ns
toll write: issue time	16332serve time	16617 ns
toll write: issue time	16332serve time	16617 ns
toll write: issue time	16332serve time	16617 ns
critical read: issue time	16071serve time	16625 ns
transactional read: issue time	16071serve time	16625 ns
transactional read: issue time	16071serve time	16625 ns
transactional read: issue time	15857serve time	16625 ns
critical read: issue time	15817serve time	16625 ns
critical read: issue time	16091serve time	16625 ns
transactional read: issue time	16091serve time	16625 ns
transactional read: issue time	16091serve time	16625 ns
critical read: issue time	15857serve time	16633 ns
transactional read: issue time	15857serve time	16633 ns
transactional read: issue time	15857serve time	16633 ns
transactional read: issue time	15899serve time	16633 ns
transactional read: issue time	16091serve time	16633 ns
critical read: issue time	15837serve time	16633 ns
transactional read: issue time	15837serve time	16633 ns
transactional read: issue time	15837serve time	16633 ns
critical read: issue time	15899serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	15899serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	15899serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	16127serve time	16641 ns
critical read: issue time	16127serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	16127serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	16127serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	15837serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	15877serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	15877serve time	16641 ns
transactional read: issue time	15877serve time	16641 ns
toll write: issue time	15890serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	15890serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	15890serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	15890serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	16350serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	16350serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	16350serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	16350serve time	16649 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	15944serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	16288serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	16288serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	16288serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	16288serve time	16657 ns
toll write: issue time	15985serve time	16665 ns
toll write: issue time	15985serve time	16665 ns
toll write: issue time	15985serve time	16665 ns
toll write: issue time	15985serve time	16665 ns
toll write: issue time	16440serve time	16665 ns
toll write: issue time	16440serve time	16665 ns
toll write: issue time	16440serve time	16665 ns
toll write: issue time	16440serve time	16665 ns
critical read: issue time	16001serve time	16673 ns
transactional read: issue time	16001serve time	16673 ns
transactional read: issue time	16001serve time	16673 ns
transactional read: issue time	16001serve time	16673 ns
critical read: issue time	15877serve time	16673 ns
transactional read: issue time	16105serve time	16673 ns
transactional read: issue time	16105serve time	16673 ns
critical read: issue time	16105serve time	16673 ns
critical read: issue time	16021serve time	16681 ns
transactional read: issue time	16021serve time	16681 ns
transactional read: issue time	16021serve time	16681 ns
transactional read: issue time	16021serve time	16681 ns
transactional read: issue time	16105serve time	16681 ns
critical read: issue time	15919serve time	16681 ns
transactional read: issue time	15919serve time	16681 ns
transactional read: issue time	15919serve time	16681 ns
transactional read: issue time	16041serve time	16689 ns
transactional read: issue time	16041serve time	16689 ns
critical read: issue time	16041serve time	16689 ns
transactional read: issue time	16041serve time	16689 ns
transactional read: issue time	15919serve time	16689 ns
critical read: issue time	16111serve time	16689 ns
transactional read: issue time	16111serve time	16689 ns
transactional read: issue time	16111serve time	16689 ns
critical read: issue time	16061serve time	16697 ns
transactional read: issue time	16061serve time	16697 ns
transactional read: issue time	16061serve time	16697 ns
transactional read: issue time	16061serve time	16697 ns
transactional read: issue time	16111serve time	16697 ns
transactional read: issue time	15941serve time	16697 ns
transactional read: issue time	15941serve time	16697 ns
transactional read: issue time	15941serve time	16697 ns
critical read: issue time	16167serve time	16705 ns
transactional read: issue time	16167serve time	16705 ns
transactional read: issue time	16167serve time	16705 ns
transactional read: issue time	16167serve time	16705 ns
critical read: issue time	15941serve time	16705 ns
transactional read: issue time	15961serve time	16705 ns
critical read: issue time	15961serve time	16705 ns
transactional read: issue time	15961serve time	16705 ns
transactional read: issue time	16211serve time	16713 ns
critical read: issue time	16211serve time	16713 ns
transactional read: issue time	16211serve time	16713 ns
transactional read: issue time	16211serve time	16713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15961serve time	16713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15981serve time	16713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15981serve time	16713 ns
transactional read: issue time	15981serve time	16713 ns
critical read: issue time	16187serve time	16721 ns
transactional read: issue time	16187serve time	16721 ns
transactional read: issue time	16187serve time	16721 ns
transactional read: issue time	16187serve time	16721 ns
critical read: issue time	15981serve time	16721 ns
critical read: issue time	16131serve time	16721 ns
transactional read: issue time	16131serve time	16721 ns
transactional read: issue time	16131serve time	16721 ns
critical read: issue time	16233serve time	16729 ns
transactional read: issue time	16233serve time	16729 ns
transactional read: issue time	16233serve time	16729 ns
transactional read: issue time	16233serve time	16729 ns
transactional read: issue time	16131serve time	16729 ns
transactional read: issue time	16151serve time	16729 ns
critical read: issue time	16151serve time	16729 ns
transactional read: issue time	16151serve time	16729 ns
critical read: issue time	16209serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16209serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16209serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16209serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16231serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16231serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16231serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16151serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16171serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16171serve time	16737 ns
transactional read: issue time	16171serve time	16737 ns
critical read: issue time	16231serve time	16745 ns
critical read: issue time	16081serve time	16745 ns
transactional read: issue time	16081serve time	16745 ns
transactional read: issue time	16081serve time	16745 ns
critical read: issue time	16171serve time	16745 ns
transactional read: issue time	16147serve time	16745 ns
transactional read: issue time	16147serve time	16745 ns
transactional read: issue time	16147serve time	16745 ns
transactional read: issue time	16081serve time	16753 ns
critical read: issue time	16253serve time	16753 ns
transactional read: issue time	16253serve time	16753 ns
transactional read: issue time	16253serve time	16753 ns
critical read: issue time	16147serve time	16753 ns
transactional read: issue time	16191serve time	16753 ns
transactional read: issue time	16191serve time	16753 ns
transactional read: issue time	16191serve time	16753 ns
transactional read: issue time	16253serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16251serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16251serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16251serve time	16761 ns
critical read: issue time	16251serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16121serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16121serve time	16761 ns
critical read: issue time	16191serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16275serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16275serve time	16761 ns
transactional read: issue time	16275serve time	16761 ns
critical read: issue time	16121serve time	16769 ns
transactional read: issue time	16121serve time	16769 ns
critical read: issue time	16297serve time	16769 ns
transactional read: issue time	16297serve time	16769 ns
critical read: issue time	16275serve time	16769 ns
critical read: issue time	16271serve time	16769 ns
transactional read: issue time	16271serve time	16769 ns
transactional read: issue time	16271serve time	16769 ns
transactional read: issue time	16297serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16297serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16161serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16161serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16271serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16101serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16101serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16101serve time	16777 ns
transactional read: issue time	16161serve time	16785 ns
critical read: issue time	16161serve time	16785 ns
transactional read: issue time	16181serve time	16785 ns
transactional read: issue time	16181serve time	16785 ns
critical read: issue time	16101serve time	16785 ns
transactional read: issue time	16141serve time	16785 ns
transactional read: issue time	16141serve time	16785 ns
transactional read: issue time	16141serve time	16785 ns
critical read: issue time	16181serve time	16793 ns
transactional read: issue time	16181serve time	16793 ns
critical read: issue time	16201serve time	16793 ns
transactional read: issue time	16201serve time	16793 ns
critical read: issue time	16141serve time	16793 ns
critical read: issue time	16291serve time	16793 ns
transactional read: issue time	16291serve time	16793 ns
transactional read: issue time	16291serve time	16793 ns
transactional read: issue time	16201serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16201serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16311serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16311serve time	16801 ns
critical read: issue time	16311serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16311serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16317serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16291serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16359serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16359serve time	16801 ns
transactional read: issue time	16359serve time	16801 ns
critical read: issue time	16317serve time	16809 ns
transactional read: issue time	16317serve time	16809 ns
transactional read: issue time	16317serve time	16809 ns
transactional read: issue time	16337serve time	16809 ns
critical read: issue time	16359serve time	16809 ns
transactional read: issue time	16351serve time	16809 ns
transactional read: issue time	16351serve time	16809 ns
transactional read: issue time	16351serve time	16809 ns
critical read: issue time	16337serve time	16817 ns
transactional read: issue time	16337serve time	16817 ns
transactional read: issue time	16337serve time	16817 ns
transactional read: issue time	16331serve time	16817 ns
critical read: issue time	16351serve time	16817 ns
critical read: issue time	16379serve time	16817 ns
transactional read: issue time	16379serve time	16817 ns
transactional read: issue time	16379serve time	16817 ns
transactional read: issue time	16331serve time	16825 ns
transactional read: issue time	16331serve time	16825 ns
critical read: issue time	16331serve time	16825 ns
transactional read: issue time	16221serve time	16825 ns
transactional read: issue time	16379serve time	16825 ns
transactional read: issue time	16371serve time	16825 ns
transactional read: issue time	16371serve time	16825 ns
transactional read: issue time	16371serve time	16825 ns
critical read: issue time	16221serve time	16833 ns
transactional read: issue time	16221serve time	16833 ns
transactional read: issue time	16221serve time	16833 ns
transactional read: issue time	16399serve time	16833 ns
critical read: issue time	16371serve time	16833 ns
critical read: issue time	16419serve time	16833 ns
transactional read: issue time	16419serve time	16833 ns
transactional read: issue time	16419serve time	16833 ns
toll write: issue time	15995serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	15995serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	15995serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	15995serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	16308serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	16308serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	16308serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	16308serve time	16841 ns
toll write: issue time	15852serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	15852serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	15852serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	15852serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	16456serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	16456serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	16456serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	16456serve time	16849 ns
toll write: issue time	15897serve time	16857 ns
toll write: issue time	15897serve time	16857 ns
toll write: issue time	15897serve time	16857 ns
toll write: issue time	15897serve time	16857 ns
toll write: issue time	16511serve time	16857 ns
toll write: issue time	16511serve time	16857 ns
toll write: issue time	16511serve time	16857 ns
toll write: issue time	16511serve time	16857 ns
transactional read: issue time	16399serve time	16865 ns
critical read: issue time	16399serve time	16865 ns
transactional read: issue time	16399serve time	16865 ns
transactional read: issue time	16391serve time	16865 ns
transactional read: issue time	16419serve time	16865 ns
critical read: issue time	16411serve time	16865 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	16865 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	16865 ns
critical read: issue time	16391serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16391serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16391serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16255serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16241serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16241serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16241serve time	16873 ns
transactional read: issue time	16255serve time	16881 ns
critical read: issue time	16255serve time	16881 ns
transactional read: issue time	16255serve time	16881 ns
transactional read: issue time	16431serve time	16881 ns
critical read: issue time	16241serve time	16881 ns
transactional read: issue time	16255serve time	16881 ns
transactional read: issue time	16255serve time	16881 ns
transactional read: issue time	16255serve time	16881 ns
toll write: issue time	16115serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16115serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16115serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16115serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16502serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16502serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16502serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16502serve time	16889 ns
toll write: issue time	16136serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16136serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16136serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16136serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16533serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16533serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16533serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16533serve time	16897 ns
toll write: issue time	16016serve time	16905 ns
toll write: issue time	16016serve time	16905 ns
toll write: issue time	16016serve time	16905 ns
toll write: issue time	16016serve time	16905 ns
toll write: issue time	16550serve time	16905 ns
toll write: issue time	16550serve time	16905 ns
toll write: issue time	16550serve time	16905 ns
toll write: issue time	16550serve time	16905 ns
critical read: issue time	16431serve time	16913 ns
transactional read: issue time	16431serve time	16913 ns
transactional read: issue time	16431serve time	16913 ns
transactional read: issue time	16439serve time	16913 ns
transactional read: issue time	16255serve time	16913 ns
transactional read: issue time	16261serve time	16913 ns
critical read: issue time	16261serve time	16913 ns
transactional read: issue time	16261serve time	16913 ns
transactional read: issue time	16439serve time	16921 ns
critical read: issue time	16439serve time	16921 ns
transactional read: issue time	16439serve time	16921 ns
transactional read: issue time	16309serve time	16921 ns
transactional read: issue time	16261serve time	16921 ns
critical read: issue time	16288serve time	16921 ns
transactional read: issue time	16288serve time	16921 ns
transactional read: issue time	16288serve time	16921 ns
transactional read: issue time	16309serve time	16929 ns
critical read: issue time	16309serve time	16929 ns
transactional read: issue time	16309serve time	16929 ns
transactional read: issue time	16479serve time	16929 ns
transactional read: issue time	16288serve time	16929 ns
transactional read: issue time	16459serve time	16929 ns
transactional read: issue time	16459serve time	16929 ns
transactional read: issue time	16459serve time	16929 ns
toll write: issue time	16160serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16160serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16160serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16160serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16560serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16560serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16560serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16560serve time	16937 ns
toll write: issue time	16222serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16222serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16222serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16222serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16615serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16615serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16615serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16615serve time	16945 ns
toll write: issue time	16187serve time	16953 ns
toll write: issue time	16187serve time	16953 ns
toll write: issue time	16187serve time	16953 ns
toll write: issue time	16187serve time	16953 ns
toll write: issue time	16650serve time	16953 ns
toll write: issue time	16650serve time	16953 ns
toll write: issue time	16650serve time	16953 ns
toll write: issue time	16650serve time	16953 ns
critical read: issue time	16479serve time	16961 ns
transactional read: issue time	16479serve time	16961 ns
transactional read: issue time	16479serve time	16961 ns
transactional read: issue time	16349serve time	16961 ns
critical read: issue time	16459serve time	16961 ns
transactional read: issue time	16451serve time	16961 ns
transactional read: issue time	16451serve time	16961 ns
transactional read: issue time	16451serve time	16961 ns
transactional read: issue time	16349serve time	16969 ns
transactional read: issue time	16349serve time	16969 ns
critical read: issue time	16349serve time	16969 ns
transactional read: issue time	16499serve time	16969 ns
critical read: issue time	16451serve time	16969 ns
transactional read: issue time	16471serve time	16969 ns
transactional read: issue time	16471serve time	16969 ns
critical read: issue time	16471serve time	16969 ns
critical read: issue time	16499serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16499serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16499serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16493serve time	16977 ns
critical read: issue time	16493serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16493serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16493serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16471serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16329serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16329serve time	16977 ns
transactional read: issue time	16329serve time	16977 ns
toll write: issue time	16208serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16208serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16208serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16208serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16653serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16653serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16653serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16653serve time	16985 ns
toll write: issue time	16218serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16218serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16218serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16218serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16683serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16683serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16683serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16683serve time	16993 ns
toll write: issue time	16238serve time	17001 ns
toll write: issue time	16238serve time	17001 ns
toll write: issue time	16238serve time	17001 ns
toll write: issue time	16238serve time	17001 ns
toll write: issue time	16710serve time	17001 ns
toll write: issue time	16710serve time	17001 ns
toll write: issue time	16710serve time	17001 ns
toll write: issue time	16710serve time	17001 ns
critical read: issue time	16515serve time	17009 ns
transactional read: issue time	16515serve time	17009 ns
transactional read: issue time	16515serve time	17009 ns
transactional read: issue time	16515serve time	17009 ns
critical read: issue time	16329serve time	17009 ns
transactional read: issue time	16521serve time	17009 ns
transactional read: issue time	16521serve time	17009 ns
transactional read: issue time	16521serve time	17009 ns
critical read: issue time	16409serve time	17017 ns
transactional read: issue time	16409serve time	17017 ns
transactional read: issue time	16409serve time	17017 ns
transactional read: issue time	16409serve time	17017 ns
critical read: issue time	16521serve time	17017 ns
critical read: issue time	16369serve time	17017 ns
transactional read: issue time	16369serve time	17017 ns
transactional read: issue time	16369serve time	17017 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	17025 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	17025 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	17025 ns
critical read: issue time	16411serve time	17025 ns
transactional read: issue time	16369serve time	17025 ns
critical read: issue time	16389serve time	17025 ns
transactional read: issue time	16389serve time	17025 ns
transactional read: issue time	16389serve time	17025 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16064serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16767serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16767serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16767serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16767serve time	17033 ns
toll write: issue time	16279serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16279serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16279serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16279serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16761serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16761serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16761serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16761serve time	17041 ns
toll write: issue time	16176serve time	17049 ns
toll write: issue time	16176serve time	17049 ns
toll write: issue time	16176serve time	17049 ns
toll write: issue time	16176serve time	17049 ns
toll write: issue time	16776serve time	17049 ns
toll write: issue time	16776serve time	17049 ns
toll write: issue time	16776serve time	17049 ns
toll write: issue time	16776serve time	17049 ns
critical read: issue time	16449serve time	17057 ns
transactional read: issue time	16449serve time	17057 ns
transactional read: issue time	16449serve time	17057 ns
transactional read: issue time	16449serve time	17057 ns
transactional read: issue time	16389serve time	17057 ns
transactional read: issue time	16535serve time	17057 ns
transactional read: issue time	16535serve time	17057 ns
critical read: issue time	16535serve time	17057 ns
transactional read: issue time	16489serve time	17065 ns
critical read: issue time	16489serve time	17065 ns
transactional read: issue time	16489serve time	17065 ns
transactional read: issue time	16489serve time	17065 ns
transactional read: issue time	16535serve time	17065 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	17065 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	17065 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	17065 ns
critical read: issue time	16561serve time	17073 ns
transactional read: issue time	16561serve time	17073 ns
transactional read: issue time	16561serve time	17073 ns
transactional read: issue time	16561serve time	17073 ns
transactional read: issue time	16411serve time	17073 ns
transactional read: issue time	16541serve time	17073 ns
transactional read: issue time	16541serve time	17073 ns
transactional read: issue time	16541serve time	17073 ns
toll write: issue time	16186serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16186serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16186serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16186serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16791serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16791serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16791serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16791serve time	17081 ns
toll write: issue time	16309serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16309serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16309serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16309serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16835serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16835serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16835serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16835serve time	17089 ns
toll write: issue time	16310serve time	17097 ns
toll write: issue time	16310serve time	17097 ns
toll write: issue time	16310serve time	17097 ns
toll write: issue time	16310serve time	17097 ns
toll write: issue time	16812serve time	17097 ns
toll write: issue time	16812serve time	17097 ns
toll write: issue time	16812serve time	17097 ns
toll write: issue time	16812serve time	17097 ns
critical read: issue time	16581serve time	17105 ns
transactional read: issue time	16581serve time	17105 ns
transactional read: issue time	16581serve time	17105 ns
transactional read: issue time	16581serve time	17105 ns
critical read: issue time	16541serve time	17105 ns
transactional read: issue time	16429serve time	17105 ns
critical read: issue time	16429serve time	17105 ns
transactional read: issue time	16429serve time	17105 ns
critical read: issue time	16497serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16497serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16497serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16497serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16429serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16469serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16469serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16469serve time	17113 ns
transactional read: issue time	16603serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16603serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16603serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16603serve time	17121 ns
critical read: issue time	16469serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16555serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16555serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16555serve time	17121 ns
critical read: issue time	16555serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16575serve time	17121 ns
transactional read: issue time	16575serve time	17121 ns
toll write: issue time	16319serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16319serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16319serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16319serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16858serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16858serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16858serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16858serve time	17129 ns
toll write: issue time	16322serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16322serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16322serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16322serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16865serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16865serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16865serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16865serve time	17137 ns
toll write: issue time	16230serve time	17145 ns
toll write: issue time	16230serve time	17145 ns
toll write: issue time	16230serve time	17145 ns
toll write: issue time	16230serve time	17145 ns
toll write: issue time	16894serve time	17145 ns
toll write: issue time	16894serve time	17145 ns
toll write: issue time	16894serve time	17145 ns
toll write: issue time	16894serve time	17145 ns
transactional read: issue time	16630serve time	17153 ns
transactional read: issue time	16630serve time	17153 ns
transactional read: issue time	16630serve time	17153 ns
critical read: issue time	16630serve time	17153 ns
transactional read: issue time	16575serve time	17153 ns
critical read: issue time	16575serve time	17153 ns
transactional read: issue time	16595serve time	17153 ns
transactional read: issue time	16595serve time	17153 ns
critical read: issue time	16635serve time	17161 ns
transactional read: issue time	16635serve time	17161 ns
transactional read: issue time	16635serve time	17161 ns
transactional read: issue time	16635serve time	17161 ns
transactional read: issue time	16595serve time	17161 ns
critical read: issue time	16595serve time	17161 ns
transactional read: issue time	16497serve time	17161 ns
transactional read: issue time	16497serve time	17161 ns
critical read: issue time	16651serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16651serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16651serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16651serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16497serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16497serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16509serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16509serve time	17169 ns
critical read: issue time	16509serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16509serve time	17169 ns
transactional read: issue time	16601serve time	17169 ns
critical read: issue time	16654serve time	17177 ns
transactional read: issue time	16654serve time	17177 ns
transactional read: issue time	16654serve time	17177 ns
transactional read: issue time	16654serve time	17177 ns
critical read: issue time	16601serve time	17177 ns
transactional read: issue time	16601serve time	17177 ns
transactional read: issue time	16601serve time	17177 ns
transactional read: issue time	16603serve time	17177 ns
critical read: issue time	16706serve time	17185 ns
transactional read: issue time	16706serve time	17185 ns
transactional read: issue time	16706serve time	17185 ns
transactional read: issue time	16706serve time	17185 ns
transactional read: issue time	16603serve time	17185 ns
critical read: issue time	16603serve time	17185 ns
transactional read: issue time	16603serve time	17185 ns
transactional read: issue time	16615serve time	17185 ns
critical read: issue time	16677serve time	17193 ns
transactional read: issue time	16677serve time	17193 ns
transactional read: issue time	16677serve time	17193 ns
transactional read: issue time	16677serve time	17193 ns
critical read: issue time	16615serve time	17193 ns
transactional read: issue time	16615serve time	17193 ns
transactional read: issue time	16615serve time	17193 ns
transactional read: issue time	16654serve time	17193 ns
critical read: issue time	16700serve time	17201 ns
transactional read: issue time	16700serve time	17201 ns
transactional read: issue time	16700serve time	17201 ns
transactional read: issue time	16700serve time	17201 ns
transactional read: issue time	16654serve time	17201 ns
transactional read: issue time	16654serve time	17201 ns
transactional read: issue time	16654serve time	17201 ns
transactional read: issue time	16671serve time	17201 ns
critical read: issue time	16735serve time	17209 ns
transactional read: issue time	16735serve time	17209 ns
transactional read: issue time	16735serve time	17209 ns
transactional read: issue time	16735serve time	17209 ns
transactional read: issue time	16671serve time	17209 ns
critical read: issue time	16671serve time	17209 ns
transactional read: issue time	16671serve time	17209 ns
transactional read: issue time	16691serve time	17209 ns
toll write: issue time	16418serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16418serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16418serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16418serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16904serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16904serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16904serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16904serve time	17217 ns
toll write: issue time	16411serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16411serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16411serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16411serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16918serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16918serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16918serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16918serve time	17225 ns
toll write: issue time	16298serve time	17233 ns
toll write: issue time	16298serve time	17233 ns
toll write: issue time	16298serve time	17233 ns
toll write: issue time	16298serve time	17233 ns
toll write: issue time	16934serve time	17233 ns
toll write: issue time	16934serve time	17233 ns
toll write: issue time	16934serve time	17233 ns
toll write: issue time	16934serve time	17233 ns
critical read: issue time	16721serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16721serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16721serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16721serve time	17241 ns
critical read: issue time	16529serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16529serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16529serve time	17241 ns
critical read: issue time	16691serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16691serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16691serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16655serve time	17241 ns
critical read: issue time	16655serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16655serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16655serve time	17241 ns
transactional read: issue time	16529serve time	17249 ns
critical read: issue time	16755serve time	17249 ns
transactional read: issue time	16755serve time	17249 ns
transactional read: issue time	16755serve time	17249 ns
transactional read: issue time	16706serve time	17249 ns
transactional read: issue time	16706serve time	17249 ns
transactional read: issue time	16706serve time	17249 ns
transactional read: issue time	16706serve time	17249 ns
transactional read: issue time	16755serve time	17257 ns
transactional read: issue time	16551serve time	17257 ns
transactional read: issue time	16551serve time	17257 ns
transactional read: issue time	16551serve time	17257 ns
transactional read: issue time	16711serve time	17257 ns
transactional read: issue time	16711serve time	17257 ns
transactional read: issue time	16711serve time	17257 ns
critical read: issue time	16711serve time	17257 ns
toll write: issue time	16473serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16473serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16473serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16473serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16978serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16978serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16978serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16978serve time	17265 ns
toll write: issue time	16328serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16328serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16328serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16328serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16957serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16957serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16957serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16957serve time	17273 ns
toll write: issue time	16489serve time	17281 ns
toll write: issue time	16489serve time	17281 ns
toll write: issue time	16489serve time	17281 ns
toll write: issue time	16489serve time	17281 ns
toll write: issue time	16988serve time	17281 ns
toll write: issue time	16988serve time	17281 ns
toll write: issue time	16988serve time	17281 ns
toll write: issue time	16988serve time	17281 ns
critical read: issue time	16551serve time	17289 ns
transactional read: issue time	16571serve time	17289 ns
transactional read: issue time	16571serve time	17289 ns
transactional read: issue time	16571serve time	17289 ns
critical read: issue time	16741serve time	17289 ns
transactional read: issue time	16741serve time	17289 ns
transactional read: issue time	16741serve time	17289 ns
transactional read: issue time	16741serve time	17289 ns
critical read: issue time	16571serve time	17297 ns
transactional read: issue time	16799serve time	17297 ns
transactional read: issue time	16799serve time	17297 ns
transactional read: issue time	16799serve time	17297 ns
critical read: issue time	16761serve time	17297 ns
transactional read: issue time	16761serve time	17297 ns
transactional read: issue time	16761serve time	17297 ns
transactional read: issue time	16761serve time	17297 ns
critical read: issue time	16799serve time	17305 ns
critical read: issue time	16611serve time	17305 ns
transactional read: issue time	16611serve time	17305 ns
transactional read: issue time	16611serve time	17305 ns
critical read: issue time	16777serve time	17305 ns
transactional read: issue time	16777serve time	17305 ns
transactional read: issue time	16777serve time	17305 ns
transactional read: issue time	16777serve time	17305 ns
toll write: issue time	16492serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16492serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16492serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16492serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16976serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16976serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16976serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16976serve time	17313 ns
toll write: issue time	16388serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16388serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16388serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16388serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16872serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16872serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16872serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16872serve time	17321 ns
toll write: issue time	16573serve time	17329 ns
toll write: issue time	16573serve time	17329 ns
toll write: issue time	16573serve time	17329 ns
toll write: issue time	16573serve time	17329 ns
toll write: issue time	16892serve time	17329 ns
toll write: issue time	16892serve time	17329 ns
toll write: issue time	16892serve time	17329 ns
toll write: issue time	16892serve time	17329 ns
transactional read: issue time	16611serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16671serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16671serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16671serve time	17337 ns
critical read: issue time	16781serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16781serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16781serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16781serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16801serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16801serve time	17337 ns
transactional read: issue time	16801serve time	17337 ns
critical read: issue time	16671serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16819serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16819serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16819serve time	17345 ns
critical read: issue time	16801serve time	17345 ns
critical read: issue time	16591serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16591serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16591serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16591serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16631serve time	17345 ns
transactional read: issue time	16631serve time	17345 ns
critical read: issue time	16819serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16713serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16713serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16713serve time	17353 ns
critical read: issue time	16631serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16631serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16651serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16651serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16651serve time	17353 ns
critical read: issue time	16651serve time	17353 ns
transactional read: issue time	16691serve time	17353 ns
toll write: issue time	16630serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	16630serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	16630serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	16630serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	17090serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	17090serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	17090serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	17090serve time	17361 ns
toll write: issue time	16625serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	16625serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	16625serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	16625serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	17369 ns
toll write: issue time	16660serve time	17377 ns
toll write: issue time	16660serve time	17377 ns
toll write: issue time	16660serve time	17377 ns
toll write: issue time	16660serve time	17377 ns
toll write: issue time	17092serve time	17377 ns
toll write: issue time	17092serve time	17377 ns
toll write: issue time	17092serve time	17377 ns
toll write: issue time	17092serve time	17377 ns
critical read: issue time	16713serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16753serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16753serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16753serve time	17385 ns
critical read: issue time	16691serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16691serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16691serve time	17385 ns
critical read: issue time	16733serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16733serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16733serve time	17385 ns
transactional read: issue time	16733serve time	17385 ns
critical read: issue time	16753serve time	17393 ns
critical read: issue time	16839serve time	17393 ns
transactional read: issue time	16839serve time	17393 ns
transactional read: issue time	16839serve time	17393 ns
transactional read: issue time	16773serve time	17393 ns
critical read: issue time	16773serve time	17393 ns
transactional read: issue time	16773serve time	17393 ns
transactional read: issue time	16773serve time	17393 ns
transactional read: issue time	16839serve time	17401 ns
critical read: issue time	16879serve time	17401 ns
transactional read: issue time	16879serve time	17401 ns
transactional read: issue time	16879serve time	17401 ns
critical read: issue time	16793serve time	17401 ns
transactional read: issue time	16793serve time	17401 ns
transactional read: issue time	16793serve time	17401 ns
transactional read: issue time	16793serve time	17401 ns
toll write: issue time	16700serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16700serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16700serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16700serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16922serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16922serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16922serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16922serve time	17409 ns
toll write: issue time	16735serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16735serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16735serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16735serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16979serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16979serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16979serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16979serve time	17417 ns
toll write: issue time	16720serve time	17425 ns
toll write: issue time	16720serve time	17425 ns
toll write: issue time	16720serve time	17425 ns
toll write: issue time	16720serve time	17425 ns
toll write: issue time	17024serve time	17425 ns
toll write: issue time	17024serve time	17425 ns
toll write: issue time	17024serve time	17425 ns
toll write: issue time	17024serve time	17425 ns
transactional read: issue time	16879serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16855serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16855serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16855serve time	17433 ns
critical read: issue time	16855serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16875serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16875serve time	17433 ns
critical read: issue time	16835serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16835serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16835serve time	17433 ns
transactional read: issue time	16835serve time	17433 ns
critical read: issue time	16875serve time	17441 ns
transactional read: issue time	16875serve time	17441 ns
transactional read: issue time	16919serve time	17441 ns
transactional read: issue time	16919serve time	17441 ns
critical read: issue time	16813serve time	17441 ns
transactional read: issue time	16813serve time	17441 ns
transactional read: issue time	16813serve time	17441 ns
transactional read: issue time	16813serve time	17441 ns
critical read: issue time	16919serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16919serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16895serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16895serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16895serve time	17449 ns
critical read: issue time	16895serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16935serve time	17449 ns
critical read: issue time	16935serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16935serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16859serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16859serve time	17449 ns
critical read: issue time	16859serve time	17449 ns
transactional read: issue time	16859serve time	17449 ns
toll write: issue time	16512serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	16512serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	16512serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	16512serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	17216serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	17216serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	17216serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	17216serve time	17457 ns
toll write: issue time	16777serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	16777serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	16777serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	16777serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	17154serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	17154serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	17154serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	17154serve time	17465 ns
toll write: issue time	16787serve time	17473 ns
toll write: issue time	16787serve time	17473 ns
toll write: issue time	16787serve time	17473 ns
toll write: issue time	16787serve time	17473 ns
toll write: issue time	17164serve time	17473 ns
toll write: issue time	17164serve time	17473 ns
toll write: issue time	17164serve time	17473 ns
toll write: issue time	17164serve time	17473 ns
transactional read: issue time	16979serve time	17481 ns
critical read: issue time	16979serve time	17481 ns
transactional read: issue time	16935serve time	17481 ns
transactional read: issue time	16979serve time	17481 ns
critical read: issue time	16833serve time	17481 ns
transactional read: issue time	16833serve time	17481 ns
transactional read: issue time	16833serve time	17481 ns
transactional read: issue time	16833serve time	17481 ns
transactional read: issue time	17019serve time	17489 ns
transactional read: issue time	17019serve time	17489 ns
transactional read: issue time	16979serve time	17489 ns
transactional read: issue time	17019serve time	17489 ns
transactional read: issue time	16899serve time	17489 ns
transactional read: issue time	16899serve time	17489 ns
transactional read: issue time	16899serve time	17489 ns
critical read: issue time	16899serve time	17489 ns
critical read: issue time	17059serve time	17497 ns
transactional read: issue time	17059serve time	17497 ns
critical read: issue time	17019serve time	17497 ns
transactional read: issue time	17059serve time	17497 ns
critical read: issue time	16939serve time	17497 ns
transactional read: issue time	16939serve time	17497 ns
transactional read: issue time	16939serve time	17497 ns
transactional read: issue time	16939serve time	17497 ns
critical read: issue time	17037serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17037serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17037serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17037serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17057serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17059serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17057serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	16959serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	16959serve time	17505 ns
transactional read: issue time	16959serve time	17505 ns
critical read: issue time	16959serve time	17505 ns
critical read: issue time	17057serve time	17513 ns
transactional read: issue time	17077serve time	17513 ns
transactional read: issue time	17057serve time	17513 ns
transactional read: issue time	17077serve time	17513 ns
critical read: issue time	16915serve time	17513 ns
transactional read: issue time	16915serve time	17513 ns
transactional read: issue time	16915serve time	17513 ns
transactional read: issue time	16915serve time	17513 ns
critical read: issue time	17077serve time	17521 ns
critical read: issue time	17079serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	17077serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	17079serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16955serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16955serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16955serve time	17521 ns
critical read: issue time	16955serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16975serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16975serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16975serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16999serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	16999serve time	17521 ns
transactional read: issue time	17079serve time	17529 ns
transactional read: issue time	16873serve time	17529 ns
transactional read: issue time	17079serve time	17529 ns
transactional read: issue time	16873serve time	17529 ns
critical read: issue time	16975serve time	17529 ns
transactional read: issue time	16999serve time	17529 ns
critical read: issue time	16997serve time	17529 ns
transactional read: issue time	16997serve time	17529 ns
critical read: issue time	16873serve time	17537 ns
transactional read: issue time	17141serve time	17537 ns
transactional read: issue time	16873serve time	17537 ns
transactional read: issue time	17141serve time	17537 ns
critical read: issue time	16999serve time	17537 ns
transactional read: issue time	16997serve time	17537 ns
transactional read: issue time	17017serve time	17537 ns
critical read: issue time	17017serve time	17537 ns
critical read: issue time	17141serve time	17545 ns
critical read: issue time	17161serve time	17545 ns
transactional read: issue time	17141serve time	17545 ns
transactional read: issue time	17161serve time	17545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16997serve time	17545 ns
transactional read: issue time	17017serve time	17545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16853serve time	17545 ns
transactional read: issue time	16853serve time	17545 ns
transactional read: issue time	17161serve time	17553 ns
critical read: issue time	17117serve time	17553 ns
transactional read: issue time	17161serve time	17553 ns
transactional read: issue time	17117serve time	17553 ns
transactional read: issue time	17017serve time	17553 ns
critical read: issue time	16853serve time	17553 ns
transactional read: issue time	17039serve time	17553 ns
critical read: issue time	17039serve time	17553 ns
transactional read: issue time	17117serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17161serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17161serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17161serve time	17561 ns
critical read: issue time	17161serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17117serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17181serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	16853serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17039serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17101serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17101serve time	17561 ns
transactional read: issue time	17181serve time	17569 ns
transactional read: issue time	17181serve time	17569 ns
critical read: issue time	17181serve time	17569 ns
transactional read: issue time	16933serve time	17569 ns
transactional read: issue time	17039serve time	17569 ns
transactional read: issue time	17101serve time	17569 ns
transactional read: issue time	17121serve time	17569 ns
transactional read: issue time	17121serve time	17569 ns
critical read: issue time	16933serve time	17577 ns
transactional read: issue time	16933serve time	17577 ns
transactional read: issue time	16933serve time	17577 ns
transactional read: issue time	16953serve time	17577 ns
critical read: issue time	17101serve time	17577 ns
critical read: issue time	17121serve time	17577 ns
transactional read: issue time	17097serve time	17577 ns
transactional read: issue time	17097serve time	17577 ns
critical read: issue time	17097serve time	17577 ns
transactional read: issue time	17097serve time	17577 ns
transactional read: issue time	17139serve time	17577 ns
critical read: issue time	16953serve time	17585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16953serve time	17585 ns
transactional read: issue time	16953serve time	17585 ns
transactional read: issue time	17201serve time	17585 ns
transactional read: issue time	17121serve time	17585 ns
critical read: issue time	17139serve time	17585 ns
transactional read: issue time	17139serve time	17585 ns
transactional read: issue time	17181serve time	17585 ns
transactional read: issue time	17201serve time	17593 ns
transactional read: issue time	17201serve time	17593 ns
critical read: issue time	17201serve time	17593 ns
transactional read: issue time	17015serve time	17593 ns
transactional read: issue time	17139serve time	17593 ns
transactional read: issue time	17181serve time	17593 ns
transactional read: issue time	17181serve time	17593 ns
transactional read: issue time	16893serve time	17593 ns
toll write: issue time	16811serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	16811serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	16811serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	16811serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	17261serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	17261serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	17261serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	17261serve time	17601 ns
toll write: issue time	16737serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	16737serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	16737serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	16737serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	17262serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	17262serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	17262serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	17262serve time	17609 ns
toll write: issue time	16845serve time	17617 ns
toll write: issue time	16845serve time	17617 ns
toll write: issue time	16845serve time	17617 ns
toll write: issue time	16845serve time	17617 ns
toll write: issue time	17276serve time	17617 ns
toll write: issue time	17276serve time	17617 ns
toll write: issue time	17276serve time	17617 ns
toll write: issue time	17276serve time	17617 ns
transactional read: issue time	17015serve time	17625 ns
critical read: issue time	17015serve time	17625 ns
transactional read: issue time	17015serve time	17625 ns
transactional read: issue time	17035serve time	17625 ns
critical read: issue time	17181serve time	17625 ns
transactional read: issue time	16893serve time	17625 ns
critical read: issue time	16893serve time	17625 ns
transactional read: issue time	16913serve time	17625 ns
critical read: issue time	17035serve time	17633 ns
transactional read: issue time	17035serve time	17633 ns
transactional read: issue time	17035serve time	17633 ns
transactional read: issue time	17221serve time	17633 ns
transactional read: issue time	16893serve time	17633 ns
transactional read: issue time	16913serve time	17633 ns
transactional read: issue time	16913serve time	17633 ns
critical read: issue time	16973serve time	17633 ns
critical read: issue time	17221serve time	17641 ns
transactional read: issue time	17221serve time	17641 ns
transactional read: issue time	17221serve time	17641 ns
transactional read: issue time	17055serve time	17641 ns
critical read: issue time	16913serve time	17641 ns
transactional read: issue time	16973serve time	17641 ns
transactional read: issue time	16973serve time	17641 ns
transactional read: issue time	17201serve time	17641 ns
toll write: issue time	16868serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	16868serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	16868serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	16868serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	17290serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	17290serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	17290serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	17290serve time	17649 ns
toll write: issue time	16855serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	16855serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	16855serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	16855serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	17322serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	17322serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	17322serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	17322serve time	17657 ns
toll write: issue time	16998serve time	17665 ns
toll write: issue time	16998serve time	17665 ns
toll write: issue time	16998serve time	17665 ns
toll write: issue time	16998serve time	17665 ns
toll write: issue time	17342serve time	17665 ns
toll write: issue time	17342serve time	17665 ns
toll write: issue time	17342serve time	17665 ns
toll write: issue time	17342serve time	17665 ns
critical read: issue time	17055serve time	17673 ns
transactional read: issue time	17055serve time	17673 ns
transactional read: issue time	17055serve time	17673 ns
transactional read: issue time	17095serve time	17673 ns
transactional read: issue time	16973serve time	17673 ns
transactional read: issue time	17201serve time	17673 ns
critical read: issue time	17201serve time	17673 ns
transactional read: issue time	16995serve time	17673 ns
transactional read: issue time	17095serve time	17681 ns
critical read: issue time	17095serve time	17681 ns
transactional read: issue time	17095serve time	17681 ns
transactional read: issue time	17241serve time	17681 ns
transactional read: issue time	17201serve time	17681 ns
transactional read: issue time	16995serve time	17681 ns
transactional read: issue time	16995serve time	17681 ns
transactional read: issue time	17221serve time	17681 ns
transactional read: issue time	17241serve time	17689 ns
critical read: issue time	17241serve time	17689 ns
transactional read: issue time	17241serve time	17689 ns
transactional read: issue time	17241serve time	17689 ns
critical read: issue time	16995serve time	17689 ns
transactional read: issue time	17221serve time	17689 ns
transactional read: issue time	17221serve time	17689 ns
transactional read: issue time	17075serve time	17689 ns
toll write: issue time	17032serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17032serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17032serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17032serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17337serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17337serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17337serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17337serve time	17697 ns
toll write: issue time	17041serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17041serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17041serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17041serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17399serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17399serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17399serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17399serve time	17705 ns
toll write: issue time	17058serve time	17713 ns
toll write: issue time	17058serve time	17713 ns
toll write: issue time	17058serve time	17713 ns
toll write: issue time	17058serve time	17713 ns
toll write: issue time	17402serve time	17713 ns
toll write: issue time	17402serve time	17713 ns
toll write: issue time	17402serve time	17713 ns
toll write: issue time	17402serve time	17713 ns
critical read: issue time	17241serve time	17721 ns
transactional read: issue time	17241serve time	17721 ns
transactional read: issue time	17241serve time	17721 ns
transactional read: issue time	17115serve time	17721 ns
critical read: issue time	17221serve time	17721 ns
transactional read: issue time	17075serve time	17721 ns
transactional read: issue time	17075serve time	17721 ns
transactional read: issue time	17135serve time	17721 ns
critical read: issue time	17115serve time	17729 ns
transactional read: issue time	17115serve time	17729 ns
transactional read: issue time	17115serve time	17729 ns
transactional read: issue time	17155serve time	17729 ns
critical read: issue time	17075serve time	17729 ns
transactional read: issue time	17135serve time	17729 ns
critical read: issue time	17135serve time	17729 ns
transactional read: issue time	17261serve time	17729 ns
critical read: issue time	17155serve time	17737 ns
transactional read: issue time	17155serve time	17737 ns
transactional read: issue time	17155serve time	17737 ns
transactional read: issue time	17270serve time	17737 ns
transactional read: issue time	17135serve time	17737 ns
transactional read: issue time	17261serve time	17737 ns
transactional read: issue time	17261serve time	17737 ns
transactional read: issue time	17175serve time	17737 ns
toll write: issue time	17110serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17110serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17110serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17110serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17453serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17453serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17453serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17453serve time	17745 ns
toll write: issue time	17137serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17137serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17137serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17137serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17463serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17463serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17463serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17463serve time	17753 ns
toll write: issue time	17103serve time	17761 ns
toll write: issue time	17103serve time	17761 ns
toll write: issue time	17103serve time	17761 ns
toll write: issue time	17103serve time	17761 ns
toll write: issue time	17444serve time	17761 ns
toll write: issue time	17444serve time	17761 ns
toll write: issue time	17444serve time	17761 ns
toll write: issue time	17444serve time	17761 ns
transactional read: issue time	17270serve time	17769 ns
critical read: issue time	17270serve time	17769 ns
transactional read: issue time	17270serve time	17769 ns
transactional read: issue time	17237serve time	17769 ns
critical read: issue time	17261serve time	17769 ns
transactional read: issue time	17175serve time	17769 ns
transactional read: issue time	17175serve time	17769 ns
transactional read: issue time	17195serve time	17769 ns
critical read: issue time	17237serve time	17777 ns
transactional read: issue time	17237serve time	17777 ns
transactional read: issue time	17237serve time	17777 ns
transactional read: issue time	17291serve time	17777 ns
critical read: issue time	17291serve time	17777 ns
transactional read: issue time	17291serve time	17777 ns
transactional read: issue time	17291serve time	17777 ns
critical read: issue time	17175serve time	17777 ns
transactional read: issue time	17195serve time	17777 ns
transactional read: issue time	17195serve time	17777 ns
critical read: issue time	17215serve time	17777 ns
critical read: issue time	17277serve time	17785 ns
transactional read: issue time	17277serve time	17785 ns
transactional read: issue time	17277serve time	17785 ns
transactional read: issue time	17277serve time	17785 ns
critical read: issue time	17195serve time	17785 ns
transactional read: issue time	17215serve time	17785 ns
transactional read: issue time	17215serve time	17785 ns
transactional read: issue time	17257serve time	17785 ns
toll write: issue time	17148serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17148serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17148serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17148serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17437serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17437serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17437serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17437serve time	17793 ns
toll write: issue time	17158serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17158serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17158serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17158serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17502serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17502serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17502serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17502serve time	17801 ns
toll write: issue time	17180serve time	17809 ns
toll write: issue time	17180serve time	17809 ns
toll write: issue time	17180serve time	17809 ns
toll write: issue time	17180serve time	17809 ns
toll write: issue time	17595serve time	17809 ns
toll write: issue time	17595serve time	17809 ns
toll write: issue time	17595serve time	17809 ns
toll write: issue time	17595serve time	17809 ns
critical read: issue time	8849serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8849serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8849serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	8849serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	17343serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	17343serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	17343serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	17215serve time	17817 ns
critical read: issue time	17257serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	17257serve time	17817 ns
transactional read: issue time	17283serve time	17817 ns
critical read: issue time	17343serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17322serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17322serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17322serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17257serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17283serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17283serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17297serve time	17825 ns
transactional read: issue time	17322serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17333serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17333serve time	17833 ns
critical read: issue time	17333serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17333serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17348serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17348serve time	17833 ns
critical read: issue time	17283serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17297serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17297serve time	17833 ns
transactional read: issue time	17303serve time	17833 ns
critical read: issue time	17348serve time	17841 ns
transactional read: issue time	17348serve time	17841 ns
transactional read: issue time	17353serve time	17841 ns
transactional read: issue time	17353serve time	17841 ns
critical read: issue time	17297serve time	17841 ns
critical read: issue time	17303serve time	17841 ns
transactional read: issue time	17303serve time	17841 ns
critical read: issue time	17323serve time	17841 ns
transactional read: issue time	17353serve time	17849 ns
critical read: issue time	17353serve time	17849 ns
transactional read: issue time	17403serve time	17849 ns
transactional read: issue time	17403serve time	17849 ns
transactional read: issue time	17303serve time	17849 ns
transactional read: issue time	17323serve time	17849 ns
transactional read: issue time	17323serve time	17849 ns
transactional read: issue time	17313serve time	17849 ns
transactional read: issue time	17403serve time	17857 ns
critical read: issue time	17403serve time	17857 ns
transactional read: issue time	17377serve time	17857 ns
transactional read: issue time	17377serve time	17857 ns
transactional read: issue time	17323serve time	17857 ns
transactional read: issue time	17313serve time	17857 ns
transactional read: issue time	17313serve time	17857 ns
transactional read: issue time	17322serve time	17857 ns
toll write: issue time	16902serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	16902serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	16902serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	16902serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	17605serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	17605serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	17605serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	17605serve time	17865 ns
toll write: issue time	16912serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	16912serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	16912serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	16912serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	17615serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	17615serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	17615serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	17615serve time	17873 ns
toll write: issue time	17014serve time	17881 ns
toll write: issue time	17014serve time	17881 ns
toll write: issue time	17014serve time	17881 ns
toll write: issue time	17014serve time	17881 ns
toll write: issue time	17619serve time	17881 ns
toll write: issue time	17619serve time	17881 ns
toll write: issue time	17619serve time	17881 ns
toll write: issue time	17619serve time	17881 ns
critical read: issue time	17377serve time	17889 ns
transactional read: issue time	17377serve time	17889 ns
transactional read: issue time	17397serve time	17889 ns
transactional read: issue time	17397serve time	17889 ns
critical read: issue time	17313serve time	17889 ns
transactional read: issue time	17322serve time	17889 ns
critical read: issue time	17322serve time	17889 ns
transactional read: issue time	17348serve time	17889 ns
critical read: issue time	17397serve time	17897 ns
transactional read: issue time	17397serve time	17897 ns
critical read: issue time	17443serve time	17897 ns
transactional read: issue time	17443serve time	17897 ns
transactional read: issue time	17322serve time	17897 ns
transactional read: issue time	17348serve time	17897 ns
transactional read: issue time	17348serve time	17897 ns
transactional read: issue time	17363serve time	17897 ns
transactional read: issue time	17443serve time	17905 ns
transactional read: issue time	17443serve time	17905 ns
transactional read: issue time	17483serve time	17905 ns
transactional read: issue time	17483serve time	17905 ns
transactional read: issue time	17348serve time	17905 ns
transactional read: issue time	17363serve time	17905 ns
transactional read: issue time	17363serve time	17905 ns
transactional read: issue time	17317serve time	17905 ns
critical read: issue time	17483serve time	17913 ns
transactional read: issue time	17483serve time	17913 ns
transactional read: issue time	17437serve time	17913 ns
transactional read: issue time	17437serve time	17913 ns
critical read: issue time	17363serve time	17913 ns
transactional read: issue time	17317serve time	17913 ns
transactional read: issue time	17317serve time	17913 ns
transactional read: issue time	17337serve time	17913 ns
transactional read: issue time	17437serve time	17921 ns
critical read: issue time	17437serve time	17921 ns
transactional read: issue time	17477serve time	17921 ns
transactional read: issue time	17477serve time	17921 ns
critical read: issue time	17317serve time	17921 ns
critical read: issue time	17337serve time	17921 ns
transactional read: issue time	17337serve time	17921 ns
transactional read: issue time	17383serve time	17921 ns
transactional read: issue time	17477serve time	17929 ns
critical read: issue time	17477serve time	17929 ns
critical read: issue time	17497serve time	17929 ns
transactional read: issue time	17497serve time	17929 ns
transactional read: issue time	17337serve time	17929 ns
critical read: issue time	17383serve time	17929 ns
transactional read: issue time	17383serve time	17929 ns
transactional read: issue time	17377serve time	17929 ns
transactional read: issue time	17497serve time	17937 ns
transactional read: issue time	17497serve time	17937 ns
transactional read: issue time	17543serve time	17937 ns
transactional read: issue time	17543serve time	17937 ns
transactional read: issue time	17383serve time	17937 ns
transactional read: issue time	17377serve time	17937 ns
critical read: issue time	17377serve time	17937 ns
transactional read: issue time	17357serve time	17937 ns
critical read: issue time	17543serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17543serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17517serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17517serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17377serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17357serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17357serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17397serve time	17945 ns
transactional read: issue time	17517serve time	17953 ns
critical read: issue time	17517serve time	17953 ns
transactional read: issue time	17537serve time	17953 ns
transactional read: issue time	17537serve time	17953 ns
critical read: issue time	17357serve time	17953 ns
critical read: issue time	17397serve time	17953 ns
transactional read: issue time	17397serve time	17953 ns
transactional read: issue time	8869serve time	17953 ns
critical read: issue time	17537serve time	17961 ns
transactional read: issue time	17537serve time	17961 ns
transactional read: issue time	17417serve time	17961 ns
critical read: issue time	17417serve time	17961 ns
transactional read: issue time	17397serve time	17961 ns
transactional read: issue time	8869serve time	17961 ns
transactional read: issue time	8869serve time	17961 ns
transactional read: issue time	17423serve time	17961 ns
transactional read: issue time	17417serve time	17969 ns
transactional read: issue time	17417serve time	17969 ns
transactional read: issue time	17563serve time	17969 ns
transactional read: issue time	17563serve time	17969 ns
critical read: issue time	8869serve time	17969 ns
critical read: issue time	17423serve time	17969 ns
transactional read: issue time	17423serve time	17969 ns
transactional read: issue time	17417serve time	17969 ns
critical read: issue time	17563serve time	17977 ns
transactional read: issue time	17563serve time	17977 ns
transactional read: issue time	17477serve time	17977 ns
transactional read: issue time	17477serve time	17977 ns
transactional read: issue time	17423serve time	17977 ns
transactional read: issue time	17417serve time	17977 ns
transactional read: issue time	17417serve time	17977 ns
critical read: issue time	17463serve time	17977 ns
critical read: issue time	17477serve time	17985 ns
transactional read: issue time	17477serve time	17985 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	17985 ns
critical read: issue time	17579serve time	17985 ns
critical read: issue time	17417serve time	17985 ns
transactional read: issue time	17463serve time	17985 ns
transactional read: issue time	17463serve time	17985 ns
transactional read: issue time	17503serve time	17985 ns
toll write: issue time	17034serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17034serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17034serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17034serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17638serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17638serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17638serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17638serve time	17993 ns
toll write: issue time	17044serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17044serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17044serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17044serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17681serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17681serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17681serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17681serve time	18001 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	18009 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	18009 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	18009 ns
toll write: issue time	17100serve time	18009 ns
toll write: issue time	17657serve time	18009 ns
toll write: issue time	17657serve time	18009 ns
toll write: issue time	17657serve time	18009 ns
toll write: issue time	17657serve time	18009 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18017 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18017 ns
transactional read: issue time	17583serve time	18017 ns
transactional read: issue time	17583serve time	18017 ns
transactional read: issue time	17463serve time	18017 ns
transactional read: issue time	17503serve time	18017 ns
critical read: issue time	17503serve time	18017 ns
transactional read: issue time	17523serve time	18017 ns
critical read: issue time	17583serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17583serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17497serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17497serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17503serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17523serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17523serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17457serve time	18025 ns
transactional read: issue time	17497serve time	18033 ns
critical read: issue time	17497serve time	18033 ns
transactional read: issue time	17537serve time	18033 ns
transactional read: issue time	17537serve time	18033 ns
critical read: issue time	17523serve time	18033 ns
transactional read: issue time	17457serve time	18033 ns
transactional read: issue time	17457serve time	18033 ns
transactional read: issue time	17557serve time	18033 ns
toll write: issue time	17174serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17174serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17174serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17174serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17691serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17691serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17691serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17691serve time	18041 ns
toll write: issue time	17270serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17270serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17270serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17270serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17701serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17701serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17701serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17701serve time	18049 ns
toll write: issue time	17300serve time	18057 ns
toll write: issue time	17300serve time	18057 ns
toll write: issue time	17300serve time	18057 ns
toll write: issue time	17300serve time	18057 ns
toll write: issue time	17728serve time	18057 ns
toll write: issue time	17728serve time	18057 ns
toll write: issue time	17728serve time	18057 ns
toll write: issue time	17728serve time	18057 ns
critical read: issue time	17537serve time	18065 ns
transactional read: issue time	17537serve time	18065 ns
transactional read: issue time	17559serve time	18065 ns
transactional read: issue time	17559serve time	18065 ns
critical read: issue time	17457serve time	18065 ns
transactional read: issue time	17557serve time	18065 ns
critical read: issue time	17557serve time	18065 ns
transactional read: issue time	17437serve time	18065 ns
critical read: issue time	17559serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17559serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17557serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17437serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17437serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17457serve time	18073 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18081 ns
critical read: issue time	17579serve time	18081 ns
transactional read: issue time	17617serve time	18081 ns
transactional read: issue time	17617serve time	18081 ns
critical read: issue time	17437serve time	18081 ns
transactional read: issue time	17457serve time	18081 ns
critical read: issue time	17457serve time	18081 ns
critical read: issue time	17577serve time	18081 ns
toll write: issue time	8829serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	8829serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	8829serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	8829serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	17842serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	17842serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	17842serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	17842serve time	18089 ns
toll write: issue time	17332serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17332serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17332serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17332serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17784serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17784serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17784serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17784serve time	18097 ns
toll write: issue time	17352serve time	18105 ns
toll write: issue time	17352serve time	18105 ns
toll write: issue time	17352serve time	18105 ns
toll write: issue time	17352serve time	18105 ns
toll write: issue time	17801serve time	18105 ns
toll write: issue time	17801serve time	18105 ns
toll write: issue time	17801serve time	18105 ns
toll write: issue time	17801serve time	18105 ns
critical read: issue time	17617serve time	18113 ns
transactional read: issue time	17617serve time	18113 ns
transactional read: issue time	17643serve time	18113 ns
transactional read: issue time	17643serve time	18113 ns
transactional read: issue time	17457serve time	18113 ns
transactional read: issue time	17577serve time	18113 ns
transactional read: issue time	17577serve time	18113 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18113 ns
critical read: issue time	17643serve time	18121 ns
transactional read: issue time	17643serve time	18121 ns
transactional read: issue time	17619serve time	18121 ns
critical read: issue time	17619serve time	18121 ns
transactional read: issue time	17577serve time	18121 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18121 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18121 ns
transactional read: issue time	17517serve time	18121 ns
transactional read: issue time	17619serve time	18129 ns
transactional read: issue time	17619serve time	18129 ns
transactional read: issue time	17639serve time	18129 ns
transactional read: issue time	17639serve time	18129 ns
transactional read: issue time	17579serve time	18129 ns
transactional read: issue time	17517serve time	18129 ns
transactional read: issue time	17517serve time	18129 ns
transactional read: issue time	17597serve time	18129 ns
toll write: issue time	17383serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17383serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17383serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17383serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17818serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17818serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17818serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17818serve time	18137 ns
toll write: issue time	17434serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17434serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17434serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17434serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17872serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17872serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17872serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17872serve time	18145 ns
toll write: issue time	17527serve time	18153 ns
toll write: issue time	17527serve time	18153 ns
toll write: issue time	17527serve time	18153 ns
toll write: issue time	17527serve time	18153 ns
toll write: issue time	17900serve time	18153 ns
toll write: issue time	17900serve time	18153 ns
toll write: issue time	17900serve time	18153 ns
toll write: issue time	17900serve time	18153 ns
critical read: issue time	17639serve time	18161 ns
transactional read: issue time	17639serve time	18161 ns
transactional read: issue time	17657serve time	18161 ns
transactional read: issue time	17657serve time	18161 ns
critical read: issue time	17517serve time	18161 ns
transactional read: issue time	17597serve time	18161 ns
transactional read: issue time	17597serve time	18161 ns
transactional read: issue time	17603serve time	18161 ns
transactional read: issue time	17657serve time	18169 ns
critical read: issue time	17657serve time	18169 ns
transactional read: issue time	17727serve time	18169 ns
transactional read: issue time	17727serve time	18169 ns
critical read: issue time	17597serve time	18169 ns
transactional read: issue time	17603serve time	18169 ns
transactional read: issue time	17603serve time	18169 ns
transactional read: issue time	17623serve time	18169 ns
critical read: issue time	17727serve time	18177 ns
transactional read: issue time	17727serve time	18177 ns
critical read: issue time	17737serve time	18177 ns
transactional read: issue time	17737serve time	18177 ns
critical read: issue time	17603serve time	18177 ns
transactional read: issue time	17623serve time	18177 ns
transactional read: issue time	17623serve time	18177 ns
transactional read: issue time	17637serve time	18177 ns
toll write: issue time	17466serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17466serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17466serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17466serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17848serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17848serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17848serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17848serve time	18185 ns
toll write: issue time	17476serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17476serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17476serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17476serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17751serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17751serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17751serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17751serve time	18193 ns
toll write: issue time	17537serve time	18201 ns
toll write: issue time	17537serve time	18201 ns
toll write: issue time	17537serve time	18201 ns
toll write: issue time	17537serve time	18201 ns
toll write: issue time	17764serve time	18201 ns
toll write: issue time	17764serve time	18201 ns
toll write: issue time	17764serve time	18201 ns
toll write: issue time	17764serve time	18201 ns
transactional read: issue time	17737serve time	18209 ns
transactional read: issue time	17737serve time	18209 ns
transactional read: issue time	17725serve time	18209 ns
transactional read: issue time	17725serve time	18209 ns
critical read: issue time	17623serve time	18209 ns
transactional read: issue time	17637serve time	18209 ns
critical read: issue time	17637serve time	18209 ns
transactional read: issue time	17599serve time	18209 ns
critical read: issue time	17725serve time	18217 ns
transactional read: issue time	17725serve time	18217 ns
transactional read: issue time	17787serve time	18217 ns
transactional read: issue time	17787serve time	18217 ns
transactional read: issue time	17637serve time	18217 ns
transactional read: issue time	17599serve time	18217 ns
transactional read: issue time	17599serve time	18217 ns
transactional read: issue time	17663serve time	18217 ns
critical read: issue time	17787serve time	18225 ns
transactional read: issue time	17787serve time	18225 ns
transactional read: issue time	17807serve time	18225 ns
critical read: issue time	17807serve time	18225 ns
critical read: issue time	17599serve time	18225 ns
critical read: issue time	17663serve time	18225 ns
transactional read: issue time	17663serve time	18225 ns
transactional read: issue time	17685serve time	18225 ns
transactional read: issue time	17807serve time	18233 ns
transactional read: issue time	17807serve time	18233 ns
transactional read: issue time	17757serve time	18233 ns
transactional read: issue time	17757serve time	18233 ns
transactional read: issue time	17663serve time	18233 ns
transactional read: issue time	17685serve time	18233 ns
transactional read: issue time	17685serve time	18233 ns
transactional read: issue time	17677serve time	18233 ns
critical read: issue time	17757serve time	18241 ns
transactional read: issue time	17757serve time	18241 ns
transactional read: issue time	17828serve time	18241 ns
transactional read: issue time	17828serve time	18241 ns
critical read: issue time	17685serve time	18241 ns
transactional read: issue time	17677serve time	18241 ns
transactional read: issue time	17677serve time	18241 ns
transactional read: issue time	17661serve time	18241 ns
transactional read: issue time	17828serve time	18249 ns
critical read: issue time	17828serve time	18249 ns
critical read: issue time	17777serve time	18249 ns
transactional read: issue time	17777serve time	18249 ns
critical read: issue time	17677serve time	18249 ns
transactional read: issue time	17661serve time	18249 ns
transactional read: issue time	17661serve time	18249 ns
transactional read: issue time	17681serve time	18249 ns
transactional read: issue time	17777serve time	18257 ns
transactional read: issue time	17777serve time	18257 ns
transactional read: issue time	17871serve time	18257 ns
transactional read: issue time	17871serve time	18257 ns
critical read: issue time	17661serve time	18257 ns
transactional read: issue time	17681serve time	18257 ns
transactional read: issue time	17681serve time	18257 ns
transactional read: issue time	17697serve time	18257 ns
critical read: issue time	17871serve time	18265 ns
transactional read: issue time	17871serve time	18265 ns
transactional read: issue time	17891serve time	18265 ns
transactional read: issue time	17891serve time	18265 ns
critical read: issue time	17681serve time	18265 ns
transactional read: issue time	17697serve time	18265 ns
transactional read: issue time	17697serve time	18265 ns
transactional read: issue time	17707serve time	18265 ns
critical read: issue time	17891serve time	18273 ns
transactional read: issue time	17891serve time	18273 ns
transactional read: issue time	17859serve time	18273 ns
transactional read: issue time	17859serve time	18273 ns
critical read: issue time	17697serve time	18273 ns
transactional read: issue time	17707serve time	18273 ns
transactional read: issue time	17707serve time	18273 ns
transactional read: issue time	17717serve time	18273 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17774serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17774serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17774serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17774serve time	18281 ns
toll write: issue time	17416serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17416serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17416serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17416serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17956serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17956serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17956serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17956serve time	18289 ns
toll write: issue time	17480serve time	18297 ns
toll write: issue time	17480serve time	18297 ns
toll write: issue time	17480serve time	18297 ns
toll write: issue time	17480serve time	18297 ns
toll write: issue time	17896serve time	18297 ns
toll write: issue time	17896serve time	18297 ns
toll write: issue time	17896serve time	18297 ns
toll write: issue time	17896serve time	18297 ns
critical read: issue time	17859serve time	18305 ns
transactional read: issue time	17859serve time	18305 ns
transactional read: issue time	17919serve time	18305 ns
transactional read: issue time	17919serve time	18305 ns
critical read: issue time	17707serve time	18305 ns
transactional read: issue time	17717serve time	18305 ns
critical read: issue time	17717serve time	18305 ns
transactional read: issue time	17705serve time	18305 ns
critical read: issue time	17919serve time	18313 ns
transactional read: issue time	17919serve time	18313 ns
transactional read: issue time	17805serve time	18313 ns
transactional read: issue time	17805serve time	18313 ns
transactional read: issue time	17717serve time	18313 ns
transactional read: issue time	17705serve time	18313 ns
critical read: issue time	17705serve time	18313 ns
transactional read: issue time	8891serve time	18313 ns
critical read: issue time	17805serve time	18321 ns
transactional read: issue time	17805serve time	18321 ns
transactional read: issue time	17941serve time	18321 ns
transactional read: issue time	17941serve time	18321 ns
transactional read: issue time	17705serve time	18321 ns
transactional read: issue time	8891serve time	18321 ns
transactional read: issue time	8891serve time	18321 ns
transactional read: issue time	17745serve time	18321 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17516serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17992serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17992serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17992serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17992serve time	18329 ns
toll write: issue time	17526serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	17526serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	17526serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	17526serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	18069serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	18069serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	18069serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	18069serve time	18337 ns
toll write: issue time	17597serve time	18345 ns
toll write: issue time	17597serve time	18345 ns
toll write: issue time	17597serve time	18345 ns
toll write: issue time	17597serve time	18345 ns
toll write: issue time	18086serve time	18345 ns
toll write: issue time	18086serve time	18345 ns
toll write: issue time	18086serve time	18345 ns
toll write: issue time	18086serve time	18345 ns
critical read: issue time	17941serve time	18353 ns
transactional read: issue time	17941serve time	18353 ns
transactional read: issue time	17865serve time	18353 ns
critical read: issue time	17865serve time	18353 ns
critical read: issue time	8891serve time	18353 ns
critical read: issue time	17745serve time	18353 ns
transactional read: issue time	17745serve time	18353 ns
transactional read: issue time	17747serve time	18353 ns
transactional read: issue time	17865serve time	18361 ns
transactional read: issue time	17865serve time	18361 ns
transactional read: issue time	17961serve time	18361 ns
transactional read: issue time	17961serve time	18361 ns
transactional read: issue time	17745serve time	18361 ns
critical read: issue time	17747serve time	18361 ns
transactional read: issue time	17747serve time	18361 ns
transactional read: issue time	17767serve time	18361 ns
critical read: issue time	17961serve time	18369 ns
transactional read: issue time	17961serve time	18369 ns
transactional read: issue time	17887serve time	18369 ns
transactional read: issue time	17887serve time	18369 ns
transactional read: issue time	17747serve time	18369 ns
transactional read: issue time	17767serve time	18369 ns
transactional read: issue time	17767serve time	18369 ns
critical read: issue time	17849serve time	18369 ns
toll write: issue time	17536serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	17536serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	17536serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	17536serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	18104serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	18104serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	18104serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	18104serve time	18377 ns
toll write: issue time	17636serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	17636serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	17636serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	17636serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	18130serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	18130serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	18130serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	18130serve time	18385 ns
toll write: issue time	17624serve time	18393 ns
toll write: issue time	17624serve time	18393 ns
toll write: issue time	17624serve time	18393 ns
toll write: issue time	17624serve time	18393 ns
toll write: issue time	18142serve time	18393 ns
toll write: issue time	18142serve time	18393 ns
toll write: issue time	18142serve time	18393 ns
toll write: issue time	18142serve time	18393 ns
critical read: issue time	17887serve time	18401 ns
transactional read: issue time	17887serve time	18401 ns
critical read: issue time	17981serve time	18401 ns
transactional read: issue time	17981serve time	18401 ns
critical read: issue time	17767serve time	18401 ns
transactional read: issue time	17849serve time	18401 ns
transactional read: issue time	17849serve time	18401 ns
transactional read: issue time	17799serve time	18401 ns
transactional read: issue time	17981serve time	18409 ns
transactional read: issue time	17981serve time	18409 ns
transactional read: issue time	17907serve time	18409 ns
transactional read: issue time	17907serve time	18409 ns
transactional read: issue time	17849serve time	18409 ns
transactional read: issue time	17799serve time	18409 ns
transactional read: issue time	17799serve time	18409 ns
transactional read: issue time	17819serve time	18409 ns
critical read: issue time	17907serve time	18417 ns
transactional read: issue time	17907serve time	18417 ns
transactional read: issue time	17967serve time	18417 ns
transactional read: issue time	17967serve time	18417 ns
critical read: issue time	17799serve time	18417 ns
transactional read: issue time	17819serve time	18417 ns
transactional read: issue time	17819serve time	18417 ns
transactional read: issue time	17839serve time	18417 ns
critical read: issue time	17967serve time	18425 ns
transactional read: issue time	17967serve time	18425 ns
transactional read: issue time	18011serve time	18425 ns
transactional read: issue time	18011serve time	18425 ns
critical read: issue time	17819serve time	18425 ns
transactional read: issue time	17839serve time	18425 ns
transactional read: issue time	17839serve time	18425 ns
transactional read: issue time	17911serve time	18425 ns
critical read: issue time	18011serve time	18433 ns
transactional read: issue time	18011serve time	18433 ns
transactional read: issue time	18031serve time	18433 ns
transactional read: issue time	18031serve time	18433 ns
critical read: issue time	17839serve time	18433 ns
transactional read: issue time	17911serve time	18433 ns
transactional read: issue time	17911serve time	18433 ns
transactional read: issue time	17879serve time	18433 ns
critical read: issue time	18031serve time	18441 ns
transactional read: issue time	18031serve time	18441 ns
transactional read: issue time	18003serve time	18441 ns
transactional read: issue time	18003serve time	18441 ns
critical read: issue time	17911serve time	18441 ns
critical read: issue time	17879serve time	18441 ns
transactional read: issue time	17879serve time	18441 ns
transactional read: issue time	17899serve time	18441 ns
critical read: issue time	18003serve time	18449 ns
transactional read: issue time	18003serve time	18449 ns
critical read: issue time	18023serve time	18449 ns
transactional read: issue time	18023serve time	18449 ns
transactional read: issue time	17879serve time	18449 ns
transactional read: issue time	17899serve time	18449 ns
transactional read: issue time	17899serve time	18449 ns
transactional read: issue time	17765serve time	18449 ns
transactional read: issue time	18023serve time	18457 ns
transactional read: issue time	18023serve time	18457 ns
transactional read: issue time	17987serve time	18457 ns
transactional read: issue time	17987serve time	18457 ns
critical read: issue time	17899serve time	18457 ns
transactional read: issue time	17765serve time	18457 ns
transactional read: issue time	17765serve time	18457 ns
transactional read: issue time	17931serve time	18457 ns
transactional read: issue time	17987serve time	18465 ns
critical read: issue time	17987serve time	18465 ns
transactional read: issue time	18056serve time	18465 ns
transactional read: issue time	18056serve time	18465 ns
critical read: issue time	17765serve time	18465 ns
critical read: issue time	17931serve time	18465 ns
transactional read: issue time	17931serve time	18465 ns
transactional read: issue time	17785serve time	18465 ns
critical read: issue time	18056serve time	18473 ns
transactional read: issue time	18056serve time	18473 ns
transactional read: issue time	18029serve time	18473 ns
transactional read: issue time	18029serve time	18473 ns
transactional read: issue time	17931serve time	18473 ns
transactional read: issue time	17785serve time	18473 ns
transactional read: issue time	17785serve time	18473 ns
transactional read: issue time	17825serve time	18473 ns
critical read: issue time	18029serve time	18481 ns
transactional read: issue time	18029serve time	18481 ns
transactional read: issue time	18049serve time	18481 ns
transactional read: issue time	18049serve time	18481 ns
critical read: issue time	17785serve time	18481 ns
critical read: issue time	17825serve time	18481 ns
transactional read: issue time	17825serve time	18481 ns
transactional read: issue time	17845serve time	18481 ns
critical read: issue time	18049serve time	18489 ns
transactional read: issue time	18049serve time	18489 ns
critical read: issue time	18105serve time	18489 ns
transactional read: issue time	18105serve time	18489 ns
transactional read: issue time	17825serve time	18489 ns
transactional read: issue time	17845serve time	18489 ns
transactional read: issue time	17845serve time	18489 ns
transactional read: issue time	17951serve time	18489 ns
transactional read: issue time	18105serve time	18497 ns
transactional read: issue time	18105serve time	18497 ns
transactional read: issue time	18117serve time	18497 ns
transactional read: issue time	18117serve time	18497 ns
critical read: issue time	17845serve time	18497 ns
transactional read: issue time	17951serve time	18497 ns
critical read: issue time	17951serve time	18497 ns
transactional read: issue time	17971serve time	18497 ns
critical read: issue time	18117serve time	18505 ns
transactional read: issue time	18117serve time	18505 ns
transactional read: issue time	18069serve time	18505 ns
transactional read: issue time	18069serve time	18505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17951serve time	18505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17971serve time	18505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17971serve time	18505 ns
transactional read: issue time	17927serve time	18505 ns
toll write: issue time	17678serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	17678serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	17678serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	17678serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	18168serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	18168serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	18168serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	18168serve time	18513 ns
toll write: issue time	17719serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	17719serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	17719serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	17719serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	18140serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	18140serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	18140serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	18140serve time	18521 ns
toll write: issue time	17766serve time	18529 ns
toll write: issue time	17766serve time	18529 ns
toll write: issue time	17766serve time	18529 ns
toll write: issue time	17766serve time	18529 ns
toll write: issue time	18206serve time	18529 ns
toll write: issue time	18206serve time	18529 ns
toll write: issue time	18206serve time	18529 ns
toll write: issue time	18206serve time	18529 ns
transactional read: issue time	18069serve time	18537 ns
critical read: issue time	18069serve time	18537 ns
transactional read: issue time	18109serve time	18537 ns
critical read: issue time	18109serve time	18537 ns
critical read: issue time	17971serve time	18537 ns
transactional read: issue time	17927serve time	18537 ns
transactional read: issue time	17927serve time	18537 ns
transactional read: issue time	17991serve time	18537 ns
transactional read: issue time	18109serve time	18545 ns
transactional read: issue time	18109serve time	18545 ns
transactional read: issue time	18131serve time	18545 ns
transactional read: issue time	18131serve time	18545 ns
critical read: issue time	17927serve time	18545 ns
transactional read: issue time	17991serve time	18545 ns
transactional read: issue time	17991serve time	18545 ns
transactional read: issue time	17947serve time	18545 ns
critical read: issue time	18131serve time	18553 ns
transactional read: issue time	18131serve time	18553 ns
transactional read: issue time	18147serve time	18553 ns
critical read: issue time	18147serve time	18553 ns
critical read: issue time	17991serve time	18553 ns
transactional read: issue time	17947serve time	18553 ns
critical read: issue time	17947serve time	18553 ns
transactional read: issue time	18043serve time	18553 ns
critical read: issue time	18043serve time	18553 ns
transactional read: issue time	18043serve time	18553 ns
transactional read: issue time	18043serve time	18553 ns
toll write: issue time	17776serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	17776serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	17776serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	17776serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18561 ns
toll write: issue time	17828serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	17828serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	17828serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	17828serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	18236serve time	18569 ns
toll write: issue time	17757serve time	18577 ns
toll write: issue time	17757serve time	18577 ns
toll write: issue time	17757serve time	18577 ns
toll write: issue time	17757serve time	18577 ns
toll write: issue time	18258serve time	18577 ns
toll write: issue time	18258serve time	18577 ns
toll write: issue time	18258serve time	18577 ns
toll write: issue time	18258serve time	18577 ns
transactional read: issue time	18147serve time	18585 ns
transactional read: issue time	18147serve time	18585 ns
transactional read: issue time	18185serve time	18585 ns
transactional read: issue time	18185serve time	18585 ns
transactional read: issue time	17947serve time	18585 ns
transactional read: issue time	18009serve time	18585 ns
transactional read: issue time	18009serve time	18585 ns
transactional read: issue time	18009serve time	18585 ns
critical read: issue time	18185serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18185serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18167serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18167serve time	18593 ns
critical read: issue time	18167serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18167serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18219serve time	18593 ns
critical read: issue time	18009serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18077serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18077serve time	18593 ns
transactional read: issue time	18077serve time	18593 ns
critical read: issue time	18219serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18219serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18219serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18207serve time	18601 ns
critical read: issue time	18207serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18207serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18207serve time	18601 ns
critical read: issue time	18077serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18065serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18065serve time	18601 ns
transactional read: issue time	18065serve time	18601 ns
toll write: issue time	17838serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	17838serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	17838serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	17838serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	18280serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	18280serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	18280serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	18280serve time	18609 ns
toll write: issue time	17924serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	17924serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	17924serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	17924serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	18324serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	18324serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	18324serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	18324serve time	18617 ns
toll write: issue time	17941serve time	18625 ns
toll write: issue time	17941serve time	18625 ns
toll write: issue time	17941serve time	18625 ns
toll write: issue time	17941serve time	18625 ns
toll write: issue time	18366serve time	18625 ns
toll write: issue time	18366serve time	18625 ns
toll write: issue time	18366serve time	18625 ns
toll write: issue time	18366serve time	18625 ns
critical read: issue time	18239serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18239serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18239serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18239serve time	18633 ns
critical read: issue time	18065serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18085serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18085serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18085serve time	18633 ns
critical read: issue time	18085serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18097serve time	18633 ns
transactional read: issue time	18097serve time	18633 ns
critical read: issue time	18211serve time	18641 ns
transactional read: issue time	18211serve time	18641 ns
transactional read: issue time	18211serve time	18641 ns
transactional read: issue time	18211serve time	18641 ns
critical read: issue time	18097serve time	18641 ns
transactional read: issue time	18097serve time	18641 ns
transactional read: issue time	18089serve time	18641 ns
transactional read: issue time	18089serve time	18641 ns
critical read: issue time	18247serve time	18649 ns
transactional read: issue time	18247serve time	18649 ns
transactional read: issue time	18247serve time	18649 ns
transactional read: issue time	18247serve time	18649 ns
critical read: issue time	18089serve time	18649 ns
transactional read: issue time	18089serve time	18649 ns
transactional read: issue time	18127serve time	18649 ns
transactional read: issue time	18127serve time	18649 ns
transactional read: issue time	8911serve time	18657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8911serve time	18657 ns
critical read: issue time	8911serve time	18657 ns
transactional read: issue time	8911serve time	18657 ns
critical read: issue time	18127serve time	18657 ns
transactional read: issue time	18127serve time	18657 ns
transactional read: issue time	18142serve time	18657 ns
transactional read: issue time	18142serve time	18657 ns
critical read: issue time	8931serve time	18665 ns
transactional read: issue time	8931serve time	18665 ns
transactional read: issue time	8931serve time	18665 ns
transactional read: issue time	8931serve time	18665 ns
critical read: issue time	18142serve time	18665 ns
transactional read: issue time	18142serve time	18665 ns
transactional read: issue time	18163serve time	18665 ns
transactional read: issue time	18163serve time	18665 ns
transactional read: issue time	8973serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8973serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	8973serve time	18673 ns
critical read: issue time	8973serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	18267serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	18267serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	18267serve time	18673 ns
critical read: issue time	18163serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	18163serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	18187serve time	18673 ns
transactional read: issue time	18187serve time	18673 ns
critical read: issue time	18267serve time	18681 ns
transactional read: issue time	18307serve time	18681 ns
transactional read: issue time	18307serve time	18681 ns
transactional read: issue time	18307serve time	18681 ns
critical read: issue time	18187serve time	18681 ns
transactional read: issue time	18187serve time	18681 ns
transactional read: issue time	18151serve time	18681 ns
transactional read: issue time	18151serve time	18681 ns
critical read: issue time	18307serve time	18689 ns
transactional read: issue time	18291serve time	18689 ns
transactional read: issue time	18291serve time	18689 ns
transactional read: issue time	18291serve time	18689 ns
critical read: issue time	18151serve time	18689 ns
transactional read: issue time	18151serve time	18689 ns
transactional read: issue time	18227serve time	18689 ns
transactional read: issue time	18227serve time	18689 ns
toll write: issue time	17844serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	17844serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	17844serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	17844serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	18451serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	18451serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	18451serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	18451serve time	18697 ns
toll write: issue time	17870serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	17870serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	17870serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	17870serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	18470serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	18470serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	18470serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	18470serve time	18705 ns
toll write: issue time	17961serve time	18713 ns
toll write: issue time	17961serve time	18713 ns
toll write: issue time	17961serve time	18713 ns
toll write: issue time	17961serve time	18713 ns
toll write: issue time	18382serve time	18713 ns
toll write: issue time	18382serve time	18713 ns
toll write: issue time	18382serve time	18713 ns
toll write: issue time	18382serve time	18713 ns
critical read: issue time	18291serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	9015serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	9015serve time	18721 ns
critical read: issue time	9015serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	9015serve time	18721 ns
critical read: issue time	9035serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	9035serve time	18721 ns
critical read: issue time	18227serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	18227serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	18171serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	18171serve time	18721 ns
transactional read: issue time	9035serve time	18729 ns
transactional read: issue time	9035serve time	18729 ns
critical read: issue time	18359serve time	18729 ns
transactional read: issue time	18359serve time	18729 ns
critical read: issue time	18171serve time	18729 ns
transactional read: issue time	18171serve time	18729 ns
critical read: issue time	18191serve time	18729 ns
transactional read: issue time	18191serve time	18729 ns
transactional read: issue time	18359serve time	18737 ns
transactional read: issue time	18359serve time	18737 ns
transactional read: issue time	18347serve time	18737 ns
transactional read: issue time	18347serve time	18737 ns
transactional read: issue time	18191serve time	18737 ns
transactional read: issue time	18191serve time	18737 ns
transactional read: issue time	18231serve time	18737 ns
transactional read: issue time	18231serve time	18737 ns
critical read: issue time	18347serve time	18745 ns
transactional read: issue time	18347serve time	18745 ns
transactional read: issue time	18379serve time	18745 ns
transactional read: issue time	18379serve time	18745 ns
transactional read: issue time	18231serve time	18745 ns
critical read: issue time	18231serve time	18745 ns
transactional read: issue time	18251serve time	18745 ns
transactional read: issue time	18251serve time	18745 ns
critical read: issue time	18379serve time	18753 ns
transactional read: issue time	18379serve time	18753 ns
transactional read: issue time	18399serve time	18753 ns
transactional read: issue time	18399serve time	18753 ns
critical read: issue time	18251serve time	18753 ns
transactional read: issue time	18251serve time	18753 ns
transactional read: issue time	18259serve time	18753 ns
critical read: issue time	18259serve time	18753 ns
critical read: issue time	18399serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	18399serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	18441serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	18441serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	18259serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	18259serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8951serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8951serve time	18761 ns
critical read: issue time	8951serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	8951serve time	18761 ns
transactional read: issue time	18271serve time	18761 ns
toll write: issue time	17886serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	17886serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	17886serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	17886serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	18476serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	18476serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	18476serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	18476serve time	18769 ns
toll write: issue time	18000serve time	18777 ns
toll write: issue time	18000serve time	18777 ns
toll write: issue time	18000serve time	18777 ns
toll write: issue time	18000serve time	18777 ns
toll write: issue time	18489serve time	18777 ns
toll write: issue time	18489serve time	18777 ns
toll write: issue time	18489serve time	18777 ns
toll write: issue time	18489serve time	18777 ns
critical read: issue time	18441serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18441serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18407serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18407serve time	18785 ns
critical read: issue time	18407serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18407serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18447serve time	18785 ns
critical read: issue time	18447serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18447serve time	18785 ns
critical read: issue time	18271serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18271serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18271serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18279serve time	18785 ns
transactional read: issue time	18351serve time	18793 ns
transactional read: issue time	18351serve time	18793 ns
transactional read: issue time	18447serve time	18793 ns
critical read: issue time	18351serve time	18793 ns
critical read: issue time	18279serve time	18793 ns
transactional read: issue time	18279serve time	18793 ns
transactional read: issue time	18279serve time	18793 ns
transactional read: issue time	8993serve time	18793 ns
transactional read: issue time	18467serve time	18801 ns
transactional read: issue time	18467serve time	18801 ns
transactional read: issue time	18351serve time	18801 ns
critical read: issue time	18467serve time	18801 ns
critical read: issue time	8993serve time	18801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8993serve time	18801 ns
transactional read: issue time	8993serve time	18801 ns
transactional read: issue time	18299serve time	18801 ns
critical read: issue time	18373serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18373serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18467serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18373serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18299serve time	18809 ns
critical read: issue time	18299serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18299serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18287serve time	18809 ns
critical read: issue time	18287serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18287serve time	18809 ns
transactional read: issue time	18287serve time	18809 ns
critical read: issue time	18393serve time	18817 ns
transactional read: issue time	18393serve time	18817 ns
transactional read: issue time	18373serve time	18817 ns
transactional read: issue time	18393serve time	18817 ns
transactional read: issue time	18311serve time	18817 ns
critical read: issue time	18311serve time	18817 ns
transactional read: issue time	18311serve time	18817 ns
transactional read: issue time	18311serve time	18817 ns
critical read: issue time	18489serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18489serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18393serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18489serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18319serve time	18825 ns
critical read: issue time	18319serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18319serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18319serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18339serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18339serve time	18825 ns
transactional read: issue time	18339serve time	18825 ns
critical read: issue time	18453serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18453serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18489serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18453serve time	18833 ns
critical read: issue time	18339serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18327serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18327serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18327serve time	18833 ns
critical read: issue time	18327serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18421serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18421serve time	18833 ns
critical read: issue time	18421serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18367serve time	18833 ns
transactional read: issue time	18473serve time	18841 ns
critical read: issue time	18473serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18453serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18473serve time	18841 ns
critical read: issue time	18367serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18421serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18461serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18461serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18461serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18367serve time	18841 ns
transactional read: issue time	18387serve time	18841 ns
critical read: issue time	9055serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	9055serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	18473serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	9055serve time	18849 ns
critical read: issue time	18387serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	18367serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	18387serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	18427serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	18427serve time	18849 ns
transactional read: issue time	18427serve time	18849 ns
critical read: issue time	18427serve time	18849 ns
critical read: issue time	18515serve time	18857 ns
transactional read: issue time	18515serve time	18857 ns
transactional read: issue time	9055serve time	18857 ns
transactional read: issue time	18515serve time	18857 ns
critical read: issue time	18331serve time	18857 ns
transactional read: issue time	18387serve time	18857 ns
transactional read: issue time	18331serve time	18857 ns
transactional read: issue time	18331serve time	18857 ns
critical read: issue time	9075serve time	18865 ns
transactional read: issue time	9075serve time	18865 ns
transactional read: issue time	18515serve time	18865 ns
transactional read: issue time	9075serve time	18865 ns
critical read: issue time	18481serve time	18865 ns
transactional read: issue time	18331serve time	18865 ns
transactional read: issue time	18481serve time	18865 ns
transactional read: issue time	18481serve time	18865 ns
toll write: issue time	18022serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18022serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18022serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18022serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18479serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18479serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18479serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18479serve time	18873 ns
toll write: issue time	18002serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18002serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18002serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18002serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18520serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18520serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18520serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18520serve time	18881 ns
toll write: issue time	18044serve time	18889 ns
toll write: issue time	18044serve time	18889 ns
toll write: issue time	18044serve time	18889 ns
toll write: issue time	18044serve time	18889 ns
toll write: issue time	9116serve time	18889 ns
toll write: issue time	9116serve time	18889 ns
toll write: issue time	9116serve time	18889 ns
toll write: issue time	9116serve time	18889 ns
transactional read: issue time	18551serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18551serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18551serve time	18897 ns
critical read: issue time	18551serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18535serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	9075serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18535serve time	18897 ns
critical read: issue time	18413serve time	18897 ns
critical read: issue time	18461serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18501serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18501serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18501serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18413serve time	18897 ns
transactional read: issue time	18413serve time	18897 ns
critical read: issue time	18535serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18561serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18561serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18561serve time	18905 ns
critical read: issue time	18561serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18535serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18555serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18433serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18481serve time	18905 ns
critical read: issue time	18433serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18433serve time	18905 ns
transactional read: issue time	18555serve time	18913 ns
critical read: issue time	18555serve time	18913 ns
transactional read: issue time	18555serve time	18913 ns
transactional read: issue time	18581serve time	18913 ns
critical read: issue time	18495serve time	18913 ns
transactional read: issue time	18413serve time	18913 ns
transactional read: issue time	18495serve time	18913 ns
transactional read: issue time	18495serve time	18913 ns
toll write: issue time	18008serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18008serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18008serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18008serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18583serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18583serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18583serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18583serve time	18921 ns
toll write: issue time	18056serve time	18929 ns
toll write: issue time	18056serve time	18929 ns
toll write: issue time	18056serve time	18929 ns
toll write: issue time	18056serve time	18929 ns
toll write: issue time	18618serve time	18929 ns
toll write: issue time	18618serve time	18929 ns
toll write: issue time	18618serve time	18929 ns
toll write: issue time	18618serve time	18929 ns
critical read: issue time	18581serve time	18937 ns
transactional read: issue time	18581serve time	18937 ns
transactional read: issue time	18581serve time	18937 ns
transactional read: issue time	18593serve time	18937 ns
critical read: issue time	18511serve time	18937 ns
transactional read: issue time	18433serve time	18937 ns
transactional read: issue time	18511serve time	18937 ns
transactional read: issue time	18511serve time	18937 ns
critical read: issue time	18593serve time	18945 ns
transactional read: issue time	18593serve time	18945 ns
transactional read: issue time	18593serve time	18945 ns
critical read: issue time	18597serve time	18945 ns
critical read: issue time	18521serve time	18945 ns
critical read: issue time	18501serve time	18945 ns
transactional read: issue time	18521serve time	18945 ns
transactional read: issue time	18521serve time	18945 ns
transactional read: issue time	18597serve time	18953 ns
transactional read: issue time	18597serve time	18953 ns
transactional read: issue time	18597serve time	18953 ns
transactional read: issue time	18611serve time	18953 ns
critical read: issue time	18541serve time	18953 ns
transactional read: issue time	18495serve time	18953 ns
transactional read: issue time	18541serve time	18953 ns
transactional read: issue time	18541serve time	18953 ns
critical read: issue time	18611serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	18611serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	18611serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	18631serve time	18961 ns
critical read: issue time	18531serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	18531serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	18531serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	18531serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	18511serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	9097serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	9097serve time	18961 ns
critical read: issue time	9097serve time	18961 ns
transactional read: issue time	9117serve time	18961 ns
critical read: issue time	18631serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	18631serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	18631serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	18619serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	9097serve time	18969 ns
critical read: issue time	9137serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	9137serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	18521serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	9117serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	18573serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	18573serve time	18969 ns
transactional read: issue time	18573serve time	18969 ns
critical read: issue time	18619serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18619serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18619serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18653serve time	18977 ns
critical read: issue time	18653serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18653serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18653serve time	18977 ns
critical read: issue time	9117serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18541serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18577serve time	18977 ns
transactional read: issue time	18577serve time	18977 ns
critical read: issue time	9160serve time	18985 ns
transactional read: issue time	9160serve time	18985 ns
transactional read: issue time	9160serve time	18985 ns
transactional read: issue time	9160serve time	18985 ns
critical read: issue time	18573serve time	18985 ns
transactional read: issue time	9117serve time	18985 ns
transactional read: issue time	18613serve time	18985 ns
transactional read: issue time	18613serve time	18985 ns
critical read: issue time	9181serve time	18993 ns
transactional read: issue time	9181serve time	18993 ns
transactional read: issue time	9181serve time	18993 ns
transactional read: issue time	9181serve time	18993 ns
critical read: issue time	18577serve time	18993 ns
transactional read: issue time	18577serve time	18993 ns
critical read: issue time	18633serve time	18993 ns
transactional read: issue time	18633serve time	18993 ns
toll write: issue time	18018serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18018serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18018serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18018serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18660serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18660serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18660serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18660serve time	19001 ns
toll write: issue time	18114serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18114serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18114serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18114serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18701serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18701serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18701serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18701serve time	19009 ns
toll write: issue time	18115serve time	19017 ns
toll write: issue time	18115serve time	19017 ns
toll write: issue time	18115serve time	19017 ns
toll write: issue time	18115serve time	19017 ns
toll write: issue time	18718serve time	19017 ns
toll write: issue time	18718serve time	19017 ns
toll write: issue time	18718serve time	19017 ns
toll write: issue time	18718serve time	19017 ns
critical read: issue time	9201serve time	19025 ns
transactional read: issue time	9201serve time	19025 ns
transactional read: issue time	9201serve time	19025 ns
transactional read: issue time	9201serve time	19025 ns
critical read: issue time	18613serve time	19025 ns
transactional read: issue time	18613serve time	19025 ns
transactional read: issue time	18639serve time	19025 ns
transactional read: issue time	18639serve time	19025 ns
transactional read: issue time	9281serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	9281serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	9281serve time	19033 ns
critical read: issue time	9281serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	18633serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	18633serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	18651serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	18651serve time	19033 ns
critical read: issue time	18651serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	18651serve time	19033 ns
transactional read: issue time	18659serve time	19033 ns
critical read: issue time	9303serve time	19041 ns
transactional read: issue time	9303serve time	19041 ns
transactional read: issue time	9303serve time	19041 ns
transactional read: issue time	9303serve time	19041 ns
critical read: issue time	18639serve time	19041 ns
transactional read: issue time	18639serve time	19041 ns
transactional read: issue time	18659serve time	19041 ns
critical read: issue time	9221serve time	19041 ns
toll write: issue time	18172serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18172serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18172serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18172serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18774serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18774serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18774serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18774serve time	19049 ns
toll write: issue time	18226serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18226serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18226serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18226serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18738serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18738serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18738serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18738serve time	19057 ns
toll write: issue time	18230serve time	19065 ns
toll write: issue time	18230serve time	19065 ns
toll write: issue time	18230serve time	19065 ns
toll write: issue time	18230serve time	19065 ns
toll write: issue time	9353serve time	19065 ns
toll write: issue time	9353serve time	19065 ns
toll write: issue time	9353serve time	19065 ns
toll write: issue time	9353serve time	19065 ns
critical read: issue time	18695serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	18695serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	18695serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	18695serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	18715serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	18715serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	18715serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	9137serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	9137serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	18659serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	9221serve time	19073 ns
transactional read: issue time	9241serve time	19073 ns
critical read: issue time	18715serve time	19081 ns
transactional read: issue time	18741serve time	19081 ns
transactional read: issue time	18741serve time	19081 ns
transactional read: issue time	18741serve time	19081 ns
critical read: issue time	18659serve time	19081 ns
transactional read: issue time	9221serve time	19081 ns
transactional read: issue time	9241serve time	19081 ns
transactional read: issue time	18671serve time	19081 ns
critical read: issue time	18741serve time	19089 ns
transactional read: issue time	18735serve time	19089 ns
transactional read: issue time	18735serve time	19089 ns
transactional read: issue time	18735serve time	19089 ns
transactional read: issue time	9221serve time	19089 ns
transactional read: issue time	9241serve time	19089 ns
transactional read: issue time	18671serve time	19089 ns
transactional read: issue time	18673serve time	19089 ns
toll write: issue time	18252serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	18252serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	18252serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	18252serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	18855serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	18855serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	18855serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	18855serve time	19097 ns
toll write: issue time	8992serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	8992serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	8992serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	8992serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	18858serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	18858serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	18858serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	18858serve time	19105 ns
toll write: issue time	18352serve time	19113 ns
toll write: issue time	18352serve time	19113 ns
toll write: issue time	18352serve time	19113 ns
toll write: issue time	18352serve time	19113 ns
toll write: issue time	18904serve time	19113 ns
toll write: issue time	18904serve time	19113 ns
toll write: issue time	18904serve time	19113 ns
toll write: issue time	18904serve time	19113 ns
critical read: issue time	18735serve time	19121 ns
transactional read: issue time	18761serve time	19121 ns
transactional read: issue time	18761serve time	19121 ns
transactional read: issue time	18761serve time	19121 ns
critical read: issue time	9241serve time	19121 ns
transactional read: issue time	18671serve time	19121 ns
critical read: issue time	18673serve time	19121 ns
transactional read: issue time	9261serve time	19121 ns
critical read: issue time	18761serve time	19129 ns
transactional read: issue time	18755serve time	19129 ns
transactional read: issue time	18755serve time	19129 ns
transactional read: issue time	18755serve time	19129 ns
critical read: issue time	18671serve time	19129 ns
transactional read: issue time	18673serve time	19129 ns
transactional read: issue time	9261serve time	19129 ns
transactional read: issue time	18679serve time	19129 ns
critical read: issue time	18755serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	18699serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	18699serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	18699serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	18673serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	9261serve time	19137 ns
critical read: issue time	18679serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	9323serve time	19137 ns
critical read: issue time	9323serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	9323serve time	19137 ns
transactional read: issue time	9323serve time	19137 ns
critical read: issue time	18699serve time	19145 ns
transactional read: issue time	18791serve time	19145 ns
transactional read: issue time	18791serve time	19145 ns
transactional read: issue time	18791serve time	19145 ns
critical read: issue time	9261serve time	19145 ns
transactional read: issue time	18679serve time	19145 ns
transactional read: issue time	18701serve time	19145 ns
transactional read: issue time	18701serve time	19145 ns
critical read: issue time	18791serve time	19153 ns
transactional read: issue time	18811serve time	19153 ns
transactional read: issue time	18811serve time	19153 ns
transactional read: issue time	18811serve time	19153 ns
transactional read: issue time	18679serve time	19153 ns
transactional read: issue time	18701serve time	19153 ns
transactional read: issue time	18721serve time	19153 ns
transactional read: issue time	18721serve time	19153 ns
critical read: issue time	18811serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18779serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18779serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18779serve time	19161 ns
critical read: issue time	18701serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18721serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18775serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18775serve time	19161 ns
critical read: issue time	18775serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18775serve time	19161 ns
transactional read: issue time	18795serve time	19161 ns
critical read: issue time	18779serve time	19169 ns
transactional read: issue time	18839serve time	19169 ns
transactional read: issue time	18839serve time	19169 ns
critical read: issue time	18839serve time	19169 ns
critical read: issue time	18721serve time	19169 ns
transactional read: issue time	18795serve time	19169 ns
transactional read: issue time	18795serve time	19169 ns
transactional read: issue time	18719serve time	19169 ns
transactional read: issue time	18839serve time	19177 ns
transactional read: issue time	9413serve time	19177 ns
transactional read: issue time	9413serve time	19177 ns
transactional read: issue time	9413serve time	19177 ns
critical read: issue time	18795serve time	19177 ns
critical read: issue time	18719serve time	19177 ns
transactional read: issue time	18719serve time	19177 ns
transactional read: issue time	18815serve time	19177 ns
critical read: issue time	18815serve time	19177 ns
transactional read: issue time	18815serve time	19177 ns
transactional read: issue time	18815serve time	19177 ns
critical read: issue time	9413serve time	19185 ns
transactional read: issue time	9435serve time	19185 ns
transactional read: issue time	9435serve time	19185 ns
transactional read: issue time	9435serve time	19185 ns
transactional read: issue time	18719serve time	19185 ns
transactional read: issue time	18739serve time	19185 ns
transactional read: issue time	18739serve time	19185 ns
transactional read: issue time	18739serve time	19185 ns
critical read: issue time	9435serve time	19193 ns
transactional read: issue time	9455serve time	19193 ns
transactional read: issue time	9455serve time	19193 ns
critical read: issue time	9455serve time	19193 ns
critical read: issue time	18739serve time	19193 ns
transactional read: issue time	18759serve time	19193 ns
transactional read: issue time	18759serve time	19193 ns
transactional read: issue time	18759serve time	19193 ns
transactional read: issue time	9455serve time	19201 ns
transactional read: issue time	18859serve time	19201 ns
transactional read: issue time	18859serve time	19201 ns
transactional read: issue time	18859serve time	19201 ns
critical read: issue time	18759serve time	19201 ns
critical read: issue time	18799serve time	19201 ns
transactional read: issue time	18799serve time	19201 ns
transactional read: issue time	18799serve time	19201 ns
critical read: issue time	18859serve time	19209 ns
critical read: issue time	9477serve time	19209 ns
transactional read: issue time	9477serve time	19209 ns
transactional read: issue time	9477serve time	19209 ns
transactional read: issue time	18799serve time	19209 ns
transactional read: issue time	18819serve time	19209 ns
transactional read: issue time	18819serve time	19209 ns
transactional read: issue time	18819serve time	19209 ns
transactional read: issue time	9477serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	9499serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	9499serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	9499serve time	19217 ns
critical read: issue time	18819serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	9353serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	9353serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	9353serve time	19217 ns
critical read: issue time	9353serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	18831serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	18831serve time	19217 ns
critical read: issue time	18831serve time	19217 ns
transactional read: issue time	18835serve time	19217 ns
critical read: issue time	9499serve time	19225 ns
transactional read: issue time	18921serve time	19225 ns
transactional read: issue time	18921serve time	19225 ns
transactional read: issue time	18921serve time	19225 ns
critical read: issue time	18835serve time	19225 ns
transactional read: issue time	18831serve time	19225 ns
transactional read: issue time	18835serve time	19225 ns
transactional read: issue time	9373serve time	19225 ns
critical read: issue time	18921serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	18895serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	18895serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	18895serve time	19233 ns
critical read: issue time	9373serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	18835serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	9373serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	9393serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	9393serve time	19233 ns
critical read: issue time	9393serve time	19233 ns
transactional read: issue time	9393serve time	19233 ns
critical read: issue time	18895serve time	19241 ns
transactional read: issue time	18941serve time	19241 ns
transactional read: issue time	18941serve time	19241 ns
transactional read: issue time	18941serve time	19241 ns
critical read: issue time	18851serve time	19241 ns
transactional read: issue time	9373serve time	19241 ns
transactional read: issue time	18851serve time	19241 ns
transactional read: issue time	18851serve time	19241 ns
critical read: issue time	18941serve time	19249 ns
transactional read: issue time	18915serve time	19249 ns
transactional read: issue time	18915serve time	19249 ns
transactional read: issue time	18915serve time	19249 ns
critical read: issue time	18855serve time	19249 ns
transactional read: issue time	18851serve time	19249 ns
transactional read: issue time	18855serve time	19249 ns
transactional read: issue time	18855serve time	19249 ns
critical read: issue time	18915serve time	19257 ns
transactional read: issue time	18935serve time	19257 ns
transactional read: issue time	18935serve time	19257 ns
transactional read: issue time	18935serve time	19257 ns
critical read: issue time	18881serve time	19257 ns
transactional read: issue time	18855serve time	19257 ns
transactional read: issue time	18881serve time	19257 ns
transactional read: issue time	18881serve time	19257 ns
critical read: issue time	18935serve time	19265 ns
transactional read: issue time	18879serve time	19265 ns
transactional read: issue time	18879serve time	19265 ns
transactional read: issue time	18879serve time	19265 ns
critical read: issue time	18901serve time	19265 ns
transactional read: issue time	18881serve time	19265 ns
transactional read: issue time	18901serve time	19265 ns
transactional read: issue time	18901serve time	19265 ns
critical read: issue time	18879serve time	19273 ns
transactional read: issue time	18939serve time	19273 ns
transactional read: issue time	18939serve time	19273 ns
transactional read: issue time	18939serve time	19273 ns
critical read: issue time	18875serve time	19273 ns
transactional read: issue time	18901serve time	19273 ns
transactional read: issue time	18875serve time	19273 ns
transactional read: issue time	18875serve time	19273 ns
critical read: issue time	18939serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18971serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18971serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18971serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18955serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18955serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18955serve time	19281 ns
critical read: issue time	18955serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18875serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18899serve time	19281 ns
transactional read: issue time	18899serve time	19281 ns
critical read: issue time	18971serve time	19289 ns
transactional read: issue time	18975serve time	19289 ns
transactional read: issue time	18975serve time	19289 ns
transactional read: issue time	18975serve time	19289 ns
critical read: issue time	18899serve time	19289 ns
transactional read: issue time	18899serve time	19289 ns
critical read: issue time	18919serve time	19289 ns
transactional read: issue time	18919serve time	19289 ns
critical read: issue time	18975serve time	19297 ns
critical read: issue time	18959serve time	19297 ns
transactional read: issue time	18959serve time	19297 ns
transactional read: issue time	18959serve time	19297 ns
transactional read: issue time	18919serve time	19297 ns
transactional read: issue time	18919serve time	19297 ns
transactional read: issue time	18981serve time	19297 ns
transactional read: issue time	18981serve time	19297 ns
toll write: issue time	18327serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18327serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18327serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18327serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18878serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18878serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18878serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18878serve time	19305 ns
toll write: issue time	18368serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18368serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18368serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18368serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19313 ns
toll write: issue time	18378serve time	19321 ns
toll write: issue time	18378serve time	19321 ns
toll write: issue time	18378serve time	19321 ns
toll write: issue time	18378serve time	19321 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19321 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19321 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19321 ns
toll write: issue time	18964serve time	19321 ns
transactional read: issue time	18959serve time	19329 ns
transactional read: issue time	9519serve time	19329 ns
transactional read: issue time	9519serve time	19329 ns
transactional read: issue time	9519serve time	19329 ns
critical read: issue time	18981serve time	19329 ns
transactional read: issue time	18981serve time	19329 ns
transactional read: issue time	9559serve time	19329 ns
transactional read: issue time	9559serve time	19329 ns
critical read: issue time	9519serve time	19337 ns
transactional read: issue time	9539serve time	19337 ns
transactional read: issue time	9539serve time	19337 ns
critical read: issue time	9539serve time	19337 ns
critical read: issue time	9559serve time	19337 ns
transactional read: issue time	9559serve time	19337 ns
transactional read: issue time	18995serve time	19337 ns
critical read: issue time	18995serve time	19337 ns
transactional read: issue time	9539serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	18991serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	18991serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	18991serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	18995serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	18995serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	19011serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	19011serve time	19345 ns
critical read: issue time	19011serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	19011serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	19015serve time	19345 ns
critical read: issue time	19015serve time	19345 ns
transactional read: issue time	19015serve time	19345 ns
toll write: issue time	18424serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18424serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18424serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18424serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18998serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18998serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18998serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18998serve time	19353 ns
toll write: issue time	18330serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	18330serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	18330serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	18330serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	19020serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	19020serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	19020serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	19020serve time	19361 ns
toll write: issue time	18356serve time	19369 ns
toll write: issue time	18356serve time	19369 ns
toll write: issue time	18356serve time	19369 ns
toll write: issue time	18356serve time	19369 ns
toll write: issue time	19035serve time	19369 ns
toll write: issue time	19035serve time	19369 ns
toll write: issue time	19035serve time	19369 ns
toll write: issue time	19035serve time	19369 ns
critical read: issue time	18991serve time	19377 ns
transactional read: issue time	19001serve time	19377 ns
transactional read: issue time	19001serve time	19377 ns
transactional read: issue time	19001serve time	19377 ns
critical read: issue time	9679serve time	19377 ns
transactional read: issue time	9679serve time	19377 ns
transactional read: issue time	19015serve time	19377 ns
transactional read: issue time	9679serve time	19377 ns
critical read: issue time	19001serve time	19385 ns
critical read: issue time	9579serve time	19385 ns
transactional read: issue time	9579serve time	19385 ns
transactional read: issue time	9579serve time	19385 ns
critical read: issue time	9699serve time	19385 ns
transactional read: issue time	9699serve time	19385 ns
transactional read: issue time	9679serve time	19385 ns
transactional read: issue time	9699serve time	19385 ns
transactional read: issue time	9579serve time	19393 ns
transactional read: issue time	9599serve time	19393 ns
transactional read: issue time	9599serve time	19393 ns
transactional read: issue time	9599serve time	19393 ns
transactional read: issue time	9719serve time	19393 ns
transactional read: issue time	9719serve time	19393 ns
transactional read: issue time	9699serve time	19393 ns
critical read: issue time	9719serve time	19393 ns
toll write: issue time	18372serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	18372serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	18372serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	18372serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	19061serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	19061serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	19061serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	19061serve time	19401 ns
toll write: issue time	18466serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	18466serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	18466serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	18466serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	19152serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	19152serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	19152serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	19152serve time	19409 ns
toll write: issue time	18494serve time	19417 ns
toll write: issue time	18494serve time	19417 ns
toll write: issue time	18494serve time	19417 ns
toll write: issue time	18494serve time	19417 ns
toll write: issue time	19162serve time	19417 ns
toll write: issue time	19162serve time	19417 ns
toll write: issue time	19162serve time	19417 ns
toll write: issue time	19162serve time	19417 ns
critical read: issue time	9599serve time	19425 ns
transactional read: issue time	9619serve time	19425 ns
transactional read: issue time	9619serve time	19425 ns
transactional read: issue time	9619serve time	19425 ns
critical read: issue time	19031serve time	19425 ns
transactional read: issue time	19031serve time	19425 ns
transactional read: issue time	9719serve time	19425 ns
transactional read: issue time	19031serve time	19425 ns
critical read: issue time	9619serve time	19433 ns
critical read: issue time	9639serve time	19433 ns
transactional read: issue time	9639serve time	19433 ns
transactional read: issue time	9639serve time	19433 ns
critical read: issue time	9761serve time	19433 ns
transactional read: issue time	9761serve time	19433 ns
transactional read: issue time	19031serve time	19433 ns
transactional read: issue time	9761serve time	19433 ns
transactional read: issue time	9639serve time	19441 ns
critical read: issue time	9659serve time	19441 ns
transactional read: issue time	9659serve time	19441 ns
transactional read: issue time	9659serve time	19441 ns
critical read: issue time	9803serve time	19441 ns
transactional read: issue time	9803serve time	19441 ns
transactional read: issue time	9761serve time	19441 ns
transactional read: issue time	9803serve time	19441 ns
toll write: issue time	18504serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	18504serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	18504serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	18504serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	19110serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	19110serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	19110serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	19110serve time	19449 ns
toll write: issue time	18514serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	18514serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	18514serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	18514serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	9937serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	9937serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	9937serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	9937serve time	19457 ns
toll write: issue time	18546serve time	19465 ns
toll write: issue time	18546serve time	19465 ns
toll write: issue time	18546serve time	19465 ns
toll write: issue time	18546serve time	19465 ns
toll write: issue time	9947serve time	19465 ns
toll write: issue time	9947serve time	19465 ns
toll write: issue time	9947serve time	19465 ns
toll write: issue time	9947serve time	19465 ns
transactional read: issue time	9659serve time	19473 ns
transactional read: issue time	19021serve time	19473 ns
transactional read: issue time	19021serve time	19473 ns
transactional read: issue time	19021serve time	19473 ns
transactional read: issue time	9823serve time	19473 ns
critical read: issue time	9823serve time	19473 ns
transactional read: issue time	9803serve time	19473 ns
transactional read: issue time	9823serve time	19473 ns
critical read: issue time	19021serve time	19481 ns
transactional read: issue time	9741serve time	19481 ns
transactional read: issue time	9741serve time	19481 ns
transactional read: issue time	9741serve time	19481 ns
transactional read: issue time	9845serve time	19481 ns
critical read: issue time	9845serve time	19481 ns
transactional read: issue time	9823serve time	19481 ns
transactional read: issue time	9845serve time	19481 ns
critical read: issue time	9741serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19035serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19035serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19035serve time	19489 ns
critical read: issue time	19055serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19055serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19055serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19055serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19071serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	9845serve time	19489 ns
transactional read: issue time	19071serve time	19489 ns
toll write: issue time	18531serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	18531serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	18531serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	18531serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	19200serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	19200serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	19200serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	19200serve time	19497 ns
toll write: issue time	18573serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	18573serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	18573serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	18573serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	9976serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	9976serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	9976serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	9976serve time	19505 ns
toll write: issue time	18576serve time	19513 ns
toll write: issue time	18576serve time	19513 ns
toll write: issue time	18576serve time	19513 ns
toll write: issue time	18576serve time	19513 ns
toll write: issue time	19263serve time	19513 ns
toll write: issue time	19263serve time	19513 ns
toll write: issue time	19263serve time	19513 ns
toll write: issue time	19263serve time	19513 ns
critical read: issue time	19035serve time	19521 ns
critical read: issue time	19041serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19041serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19041serve time	19521 ns
critical read: issue time	19071serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19075serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19075serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19075serve time	19521 ns
critical read: issue time	19075serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19071serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19061serve time	19521 ns
transactional read: issue time	19041serve time	19529 ns
transactional read: issue time	9781serve time	19529 ns
critical read: issue time	9781serve time	19529 ns
transactional read: issue time	9781serve time	19529 ns
critical read: issue time	19061serve time	19529 ns
transactional read: issue time	19061serve time	19529 ns
transactional read: issue time	19061serve time	19529 ns
transactional read: issue time	19095serve time	19529 ns
transactional read: issue time	9781serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19051serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19051serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19051serve time	19537 ns
critical read: issue time	19095serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19095serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19095serve time	19537 ns
critical read: issue time	19131serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19131serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19131serve time	19537 ns
transactional read: issue time	19131serve time	19537 ns
toll write: issue time	9281serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	9281serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	9281serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	9281serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	19273serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	19273serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	19273serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	19273serve time	19545 ns
toll write: issue time	18734serve time	19553 ns
toll write: issue time	18734serve time	19553 ns
toll write: issue time	18734serve time	19553 ns
toll write: issue time	18734serve time	19553 ns
toll write: issue time	19217serve time	19553 ns
toll write: issue time	19217serve time	19553 ns
toll write: issue time	19217serve time	19553 ns
toll write: issue time	19217serve time	19553 ns
critical read: issue time	19051serve time	19561 ns
transactional read: issue time	9865serve time	19561 ns
transactional read: issue time	9865serve time	19561 ns
transactional read: issue time	9865serve time	19561 ns
critical read: issue time	19115serve time	19561 ns
transactional read: issue time	19115serve time	19561 ns
transactional read: issue time	19115serve time	19561 ns
transactional read: issue time	19115serve time	19561 ns
critical read: issue time	9865serve time	19569 ns
transactional read: issue time	9890serve time	19569 ns
transactional read: issue time	9890serve time	19569 ns
transactional read: issue time	9890serve time	19569 ns
critical read: issue time	19153serve time	19569 ns
transactional read: issue time	19153serve time	19569 ns
transactional read: issue time	19153serve time	19569 ns
transactional read: issue time	19153serve time	19569 ns
critical read: issue time	9890serve time	19577 ns
critical read: issue time	19091serve time	19577 ns
transactional read: issue time	19091serve time	19577 ns
transactional read: issue time	19091serve time	19577 ns
critical read: issue time	19121serve time	19577 ns
transactional read: issue time	19121serve time	19577 ns
transactional read: issue time	19121serve time	19577 ns
transactional read: issue time	19121serve time	19577 ns
transactional read: issue time	19091serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19111serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19111serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19111serve time	19585 ns
critical read: issue time	19111serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19135serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19135serve time	19585 ns
critical read: issue time	19135serve time	19585 ns
critical read: issue time	19081serve time	19585 ns
critical read: issue time	19141serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19141serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19141serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19141serve time	19585 ns
transactional read: issue time	19081serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19135serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19175serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19175serve time	19593 ns
critical read: issue time	19175serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19081serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19155serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19161serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19161serve time	19593 ns
critical read: issue time	19161serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19161serve time	19593 ns
transactional read: issue time	19155serve time	19601 ns
transactional read: issue time	19081serve time	19601 ns
critical read: issue time	19155serve time	19601 ns
transactional read: issue time	19101serve time	19601 ns
transactional read: issue time	9909serve time	19601 ns
transactional read: issue time	9909serve time	19601 ns
transactional read: issue time	9909serve time	19601 ns
transactional read: issue time	9909serve time	19601 ns
critical read: issue time	19101serve time	19609 ns
transactional read: issue time	19155serve time	19609 ns
transactional read: issue time	19101serve time	19609 ns
transactional read: issue time	9909serve time	19609 ns
transactional read: issue time	9911serve time	19609 ns
transactional read: issue time	9911serve time	19609 ns
critical read: issue time	9911serve time	19609 ns
transactional read: issue time	9911serve time	19609 ns
critical read: issue time	9909serve time	19617 ns
transactional read: issue time	19101serve time	19617 ns
transactional read: issue time	9909serve time	19617 ns
transactional read: issue time	19173serve time	19617 ns
transactional read: issue time	9938serve time	19617 ns
transactional read: issue time	9938serve time	19617 ns
transactional read: issue time	9938serve time	19617 ns
critical read: issue time	9938serve time	19617 ns
critical read: issue time	19173serve time	19625 ns
transactional read: issue time	9909serve time	19625 ns
transactional read: issue time	19173serve time	19625 ns
transactional read: issue time	19181serve time	19625 ns
critical read: issue time	19193serve time	19625 ns
transactional read: issue time	19193serve time	19625 ns
transactional read: issue time	19193serve time	19625 ns
transactional read: issue time	19193serve time	19625 ns
critical read: issue time	19181serve time	19633 ns
transactional read: issue time	19173serve time	19633 ns
transactional read: issue time	19181serve time	19633 ns
transactional read: issue time	19195serve time	19633 ns
transactional read: issue time	19201serve time	19633 ns
critical read: issue time	19201serve time	19633 ns
transactional read: issue time	19201serve time	19633 ns
transactional read: issue time	19201serve time	19633 ns
toll write: issue time	18750serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	18750serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	18750serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	18750serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	19254serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	19254serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	19254serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	19254serve time	19641 ns
toll write: issue time	18791serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	18791serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	18791serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	18791serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	19275serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	19275serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	19275serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	19275serve time	19649 ns
toll write: issue time	18810serve time	19657 ns
toll write: issue time	18810serve time	19657 ns
toll write: issue time	18810serve time	19657 ns
toll write: issue time	18810serve time	19657 ns
toll write: issue time	19316serve time	19657 ns
toll write: issue time	19316serve time	19657 ns
toll write: issue time	19316serve time	19657 ns
toll write: issue time	19316serve time	19657 ns
transactional read: issue time	19195serve time	19665 ns
transactional read: issue time	19175serve time	19665 ns
critical read: issue time	19195serve time	19665 ns
transactional read: issue time	9976serve time	19665 ns
critical read: issue time	9959serve time	19665 ns
transactional read: issue time	9959serve time	19665 ns
transactional read: issue time	9959serve time	19665 ns
transactional read: issue time	9959serve time	19665 ns
transactional read: issue time	9976serve time	19673 ns
transactional read: issue time	19181serve time	19673 ns
transactional read: issue time	9976serve time	19673 ns
transactional read: issue time	19215serve time	19673 ns
transactional read: issue time	9976serve time	19673 ns
transactional read: issue time	9976serve time	19673 ns
critical read: issue time	9976serve time	19673 ns
transactional read: issue time	9976serve time	19673 ns
critical read: issue time	19215serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19195serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19215serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19233serve time	19681 ns
critical read: issue time	19213serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19213serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19213serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19213serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19273serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19273serve time	19681 ns
transactional read: issue time	19273serve time	19681 ns
critical read: issue time	19233serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	9976serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19233serve time	19689 ns
critical read: issue time	19253serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19253serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19253serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19253serve time	19689 ns
critical read: issue time	19273serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19293serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19293serve time	19689 ns
critical read: issue time	19293serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19293serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19235serve time	19689 ns
transactional read: issue time	19235serve time	19689 ns
critical read: issue time	19313serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19313serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19313serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19313serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19215serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19333serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19333serve time	19697 ns
critical read: issue time	19235serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19235serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19255serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19255serve time	19697 ns
critical read: issue time	19255serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19255serve time	19697 ns
transactional read: issue time	19275serve time	19697 ns
critical read: issue time	19333serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19233serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19317serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19317serve time	19705 ns
critical read: issue time	19275serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19275serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19275serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19295serve time	19705 ns
critical read: issue time	19295serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19295serve time	19705 ns
transactional read: issue time	19295serve time	19705 ns
critical read: issue time	19317serve time	19713 ns
transactional read: issue time	19333serve time	19713 ns
transactional read: issue time	19357serve time	19713 ns
transactional read: issue time	19357serve time	19713 ns
transactional read: issue time	19353serve time	19713 ns
transactional read: issue time	19353serve time	19713 ns
transactional read: issue time	19353serve time	19713 ns
critical read: issue time	19353serve time	19713 ns
critical read: issue time	19357serve time	19721 ns
transactional read: issue time	19317serve time	19721 ns
transactional read: issue time	19373serve time	19721 ns
transactional read: issue time	19373serve time	19721 ns
critical read: issue time	19337serve time	19721 ns
transactional read: issue time	19337serve time	19721 ns
transactional read: issue time	19337serve time	19721 ns
transactional read: issue time	19337serve time	19721 ns
critical read: issue time	19373serve time	19729 ns
transactional read: issue time	19357serve time	19729 ns
transactional read: issue time	19261serve time	19729 ns
transactional read: issue time	19261serve time	19729 ns
critical read: issue time	19221serve time	19729 ns
transactional read: issue time	19221serve time	19729 ns
transactional read: issue time	19221serve time	19729 ns
transactional read: issue time	19221serve time	19729 ns
critical read: issue time	19261serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19373serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19377serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19377serve time	19737 ns
critical read: issue time	19377serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19377serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19321serve time	19737 ns
critical read: issue time	19241serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19241serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19241serve time	19737 ns
transactional read: issue time	19241serve time	19737 ns
critical read: issue time	19321serve time	19745 ns
transactional read: issue time	19261serve time	19745 ns
transactional read: issue time	19321serve time	19745 ns
transactional read: issue time	19397serve time	19745 ns
transactional read: issue time	19281serve time	19745 ns
critical read: issue time	19281serve time	19745 ns
transactional read: issue time	19281serve time	19745 ns
transactional read: issue time	19281serve time	19745 ns
toll write: issue time	18818serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	18818serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	18818serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	18818serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	19372serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	19372serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	19372serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	19372serve time	19753 ns
toll write: issue time	18845serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	18845serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	18845serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	18845serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	10005serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	10005serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	10005serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	10005serve time	19761 ns
toll write: issue time	9465serve time	19769 ns
toll write: issue time	9465serve time	19769 ns
toll write: issue time	9465serve time	19769 ns
toll write: issue time	9465serve time	19769 ns
toll write: issue time	19440serve time	19769 ns
toll write: issue time	19440serve time	19769 ns
toll write: issue time	19440serve time	19769 ns
toll write: issue time	19440serve time	19769 ns
critical read: issue time	19397serve time	19777 ns
transactional read: issue time	19321serve time	19777 ns
transactional read: issue time	19397serve time	19777 ns
transactional read: issue time	19341serve time	19777 ns
critical read: issue time	19301serve time	19777 ns
transactional read: issue time	19301serve time	19777 ns
transactional read: issue time	19301serve time	19777 ns
transactional read: issue time	19301serve time	19777 ns
critical read: issue time	19341serve time	19785 ns
transactional read: issue time	19397serve time	19785 ns
transactional read: issue time	19341serve time	19785 ns
transactional read: issue time	19363serve time	19785 ns
critical read: issue time	19393serve time	19785 ns
transactional read: issue time	19393serve time	19785 ns
transactional read: issue time	19393serve time	19785 ns
transactional read: issue time	19393serve time	19785 ns
critical read: issue time	19363serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19341serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19363serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19417serve time	19793 ns
critical read: issue time	19417serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19417serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19417serve time	19793 ns
critical read: issue time	19413serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19413serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19413serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19413serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19383serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19383serve time	19793 ns
transactional read: issue time	19383serve time	19793 ns
critical read: issue time	19403serve time	19801 ns
transactional read: issue time	19363serve time	19801 ns
transactional read: issue time	19403serve time	19801 ns
transactional read: issue time	19403serve time	19801 ns
critical read: issue time	19383serve time	19801 ns
transactional read: issue time	9979serve time	19801 ns
critical read: issue time	9979serve time	19801 ns
transactional read: issue time	9979serve time	19801 ns
critical read: issue time	19425serve time	19809 ns
transactional read: issue time	19403serve time	19809 ns
transactional read: issue time	19425serve time	19809 ns
transactional read: issue time	19425serve time	19809 ns
transactional read: issue time	9979serve time	19809 ns
transactional read: issue time	10002serve time	19809 ns
transactional read: issue time	10002serve time	19809 ns
transactional read: issue time	10002serve time	19809 ns
critical read: issue time	10002serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	19425serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	10002serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	10002serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	10002serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	10006serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	10006serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	10006serve time	19817 ns
critical read: issue time	10006serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	19437serve time	19817 ns
transactional read: issue time	19437serve time	19817 ns
toll write: issue time	9475serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	9475serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	9475serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	9475serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	10163serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	10163serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	10163serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	10163serve time	19825 ns
toll write: issue time	18906serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	18906serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	18906serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	18906serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	19518serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	19518serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	19518serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	19518serve time	19833 ns
toll write: issue time	18894serve time	19841 ns
toll write: issue time	18894serve time	19841 ns
toll write: issue time	18894serve time	19841 ns
toll write: issue time	18894serve time	19841 ns
toll write: issue time	19541serve time	19841 ns
toll write: issue time	19541serve time	19841 ns
toll write: issue time	19541serve time	19841 ns
toll write: issue time	19541serve time	19841 ns
transactional read: issue time	19433serve time	19849 ns
transactional read: issue time	19433serve time	19849 ns
critical read: issue time	19433serve time	19849 ns
transactional read: issue time	19433serve time	19849 ns
transactional read: issue time	10002serve time	19849 ns
critical read: issue time	19454serve time	19849 ns
transactional read: issue time	19454serve time	19849 ns
critical read: issue time	19437serve time	19849 ns
transactional read: issue time	19437serve time	19849 ns
critical read: issue time	10031serve time	19849 ns
transactional read: issue time	10031serve time	19849 ns
transactional read: issue time	19454serve time	19857 ns
transactional read: issue time	19454serve time	19857 ns
transactional read: issue time	19457serve time	19857 ns
transactional read: issue time	19457serve time	19857 ns
transactional read: issue time	10031serve time	19857 ns
transactional read: issue time	10031serve time	19857 ns
transactional read: issue time	19445serve time	19857 ns
transactional read: issue time	19445serve time	19857 ns
critical read: issue time	19457serve time	19865 ns
transactional read: issue time	19457serve time	19865 ns
transactional read: issue time	10071serve time	19865 ns
transactional read: issue time	10071serve time	19865 ns
critical read: issue time	19445serve time	19865 ns
transactional read: issue time	19445serve time	19865 ns
transactional read: issue time	10051serve time	19865 ns
transactional read: issue time	10051serve time	19865 ns
toll write: issue time	18930serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	18930serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	18930serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	18930serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	19555serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	19555serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	19555serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	19555serve time	19873 ns
toll write: issue time	18954serve time	19881 ns
toll write: issue time	18954serve time	19881 ns
toll write: issue time	18954serve time	19881 ns
toll write: issue time	18954serve time	19881 ns
toll write: issue time	10285serve time	19881 ns
toll write: issue time	10285serve time	19881 ns
toll write: issue time	10285serve time	19881 ns
toll write: issue time	10285serve time	19881 ns
critical read: issue time	10071serve time	19889 ns
transactional read: issue time	10071serve time	19889 ns
transactional read: issue time	10111serve time	19889 ns
transactional read: issue time	10111serve time	19889 ns
transactional read: issue time	10051serve time	19889 ns
critical read: issue time	10051serve time	19889 ns
transactional read: issue time	19465serve time	19889 ns
transactional read: issue time	19465serve time	19889 ns
critical read: issue time	10111serve time	19897 ns
transactional read: issue time	10111serve time	19897 ns
transactional read: issue time	10133serve time	19897 ns
critical read: issue time	10133serve time	19897 ns
critical read: issue time	19465serve time	19897 ns
transactional read: issue time	19465serve time	19897 ns
critical read: issue time	10091serve time	19897 ns
transactional read: issue time	10091serve time	19897 ns
transactional read: issue time	10133serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	10133serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	19479serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	19479serve time	19905 ns
critical read: issue time	19479serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	19479serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	19495serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	10091serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	10091serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	19475serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	19475serve time	19905 ns
transactional read: issue time	19495serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19495serve time	19913 ns
critical read: issue time	19495serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19515serve time	19913 ns
critical read: issue time	19515serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19515serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19515serve time	19913 ns
critical read: issue time	19475serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19475serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19485serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19485serve time	19913 ns
transactional read: issue time	19519serve time	19921 ns
transactional read: issue time	19519serve time	19921 ns
transactional read: issue time	19519serve time	19921 ns
critical read: issue time	19519serve time	19921 ns
critical read: issue time	19485serve time	19921 ns
transactional read: issue time	19485serve time	19921 ns
transactional read: issue time	10162serve time	19921 ns
transactional read: issue time	10162serve time	19921 ns
critical read: issue time	19505serve time	19929 ns
transactional read: issue time	19505serve time	19929 ns
transactional read: issue time	19505serve time	19929 ns
transactional read: issue time	19505serve time	19929 ns
critical read: issue time	10162serve time	19929 ns
transactional read: issue time	10162serve time	19929 ns
transactional read: issue time	10183serve time	19929 ns
transactional read: issue time	10183serve time	19929 ns
critical read: issue time	19525serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	19525serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	19525serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	19525serve time	19937 ns
critical read: issue time	10183serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	10183serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	19499serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	19499serve time	19937 ns
critical read: issue time	19499serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	19499serve time	19937 ns
transactional read: issue time	19535serve time	19937 ns
critical read: issue time	10203serve time	19945 ns
transactional read: issue time	10203serve time	19945 ns
transactional read: issue time	10203serve time	19945 ns
transactional read: issue time	10203serve time	19945 ns
critical read: issue time	19535serve time	19945 ns
transactional read: issue time	19535serve time	19945 ns
transactional read: issue time	19535serve time	19945 ns
transactional read: issue time	10223serve time	19945 ns
transactional read: issue time	19555serve time	19953 ns
critical read: issue time	19555serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19555serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19555serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19565serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19565serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19565serve time	19953 ns
critical read: issue time	10223serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	10223serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	10223serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19541serve time	19953 ns
critical read: issue time	19541serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19541serve time	19953 ns
transactional read: issue time	19541serve time	19953 ns
critical read: issue time	19565serve time	19961 ns
transactional read: issue time	19585serve time	19961 ns
transactional read: issue time	19585serve time	19961 ns
transactional read: issue time	19585serve time	19961 ns
critical read: issue time	19561serve time	19961 ns
transactional read: issue time	19561serve time	19961 ns
transactional read: issue time	19561serve time	19961 ns
transactional read: issue time	19561serve time	19961 ns
critical read: issue time	19585serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	19595serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	19595serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	19595serve time	19969 ns
critical read: issue time	19595serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	10243serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	10243serve time	19969 ns
critical read: issue time	19575serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	19575serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	19575serve time	19969 ns
transactional read: issue time	19575serve time	19969 ns
critical read: issue time	10243serve time	19977 ns
transactional read: issue time	10243serve time	19977 ns
transactional read: issue time	10285serve time	19977 ns
transactional read: issue time	10285serve time	19977 ns
critical read: issue time	19581serve time	19977 ns
transactional read: issue time	19581serve time	19977 ns
transactional read: issue time	19581serve time	19977 ns
transactional read: issue time	19581serve time	19977 ns
critical read: issue time	10285serve time	19985 ns
transactional read: issue time	10285serve time	19985 ns
transactional read: issue time	19615serve time	19985 ns
transactional read: issue time	19615serve time	19985 ns
critical read: issue time	19545serve time	19985 ns
transactional read: issue time	19545serve time	19985 ns
transactional read: issue time	19545serve time	19985 ns
transactional read: issue time	19545serve time	19985 ns
critical read: issue time	19615serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19615serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19621serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19621serve time	19993 ns
critical read: issue time	19621serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19621serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19635serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19601serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19601serve time	19993 ns
critical read: issue time	19601serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19601serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19605serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19605serve time	19993 ns
transactional read: issue time	19605serve time	19993 ns
